We're looking to expand Arlington National Cemetery by acquiring land around it, and it's working out pretty well. We're working very hard on it. We'll get it done. They need it.
Well, it was a big ruling. It's a great ruling for our country. We'll be able to get great healthcare. We'll sit down with the Democrats if the Supreme Court upholds. We'll be sitting down with the Democrats and we'll get great healthcare for our people. Let's say repeal and replace, handled a little bit differently.
But it was a big, big victory by a highly-respected judge, highly, highly respected in Texas, and on the assumption that the Supreme Court upholds, we will get great, great healthcare for our people. We'll have to sit down with the Democrats to do it, but I'm sure they want to do it also. Thank you very much.
Hi everybody. So, I'm going now to the Army-Navy game. I think we're going to flip a coin, and I know both teams are gonna do great.
General Mark Milley, as you know, was just appointed to the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to be determined date. A little bit later in the year. They usually give quite a bit of notice for a lot of reasons. Mark Milley, he's a great gentleman. He's a great Patriot. He's a great soldier, and I look forward to that.
On the Mueller situation, we're very happy with what we are reading, because there was no collision whatsoever. There never has been. The last thing I want is help from Russia on a campaign.
You should ask Hillary Clinton about Russia, because she financed the fake dossier, which I understand they tried to get some information and help from Russia. But, you want to ask them about that very one-sided situation.
But I think it's all turning around very nicely. But as far as the report that we see according to everybody I've spoken to, I have not read it, there's absolutely no collusion, which is very important.
John Kelly will be leaving, retire -- I don't know if I can stay retiring, but, he's a great guy. John Kelly will be leaving at the end of the year. We'll be announcing who will be taking John's place. It might be on an interim basis, I'll be announcing that over the next day or two, but John will be leaving at the end of the year.
He's been with me almost two years now, as you know, between the two positions. So, uh, we're probably going to see him in a little while. But John Kelly --
Ready, are you ready? So, John Kelly will be leaving toward the end of the year, at the end of the year, and I appreciate his service very much. Thank you. Thank you all.
So I'll be going to Kansas City. We'll be traveling to Missouri. I'm making a speech on law enforcement. Very important subject. I want to confirm that Bill Barr, one of the most respected jurists in the country, highly respected lawyer, former Attorney General under the Bush administration, a terrific man, a terrific person, a brilliant man.
I did not know him for -- until recently, when I went through the process of looking at people, and he was my first choice from day one. Respected by Republicans and respected by Democrats. He will be nominated for the United States Attorney General and hopefully that process will go very quickly, and I think it will go very quickly, and I've seen very good things about him, even over the last day or so, when people thought that it might be Bill Bar.
So Bill Bar will be nominated or the United States Attorney General position. I think he will serve with great distinction. I also want to inform you that Heather Nauert, somebody that we know very well, who's done a great job at the -- as, as working with Mike Pompeo and others over at the State Department.
Heather Nauert will be nominated. She's going to work with Nikki Haley to replace Nikki at the United Nations. She'll be Ambassador to the United Nations. She's very talented, very smart, very quick, and I think she's going to be respected by all. So Heather Nauert will be nominated for the Ambassador to the United Nations.
Those are two very big ones. I have another one for tomorrow that I'm going to be announcing at the Army/Navy game. I can give you a little hint. It will have to do with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and succession, and I look forward to telling you, and I'll see you later. I'll see you in Kansas City.
It's an incredible deal. It goes down, certainly -- if it happens, it goes down as one of the largest deals ever made. It's a deal between the United States and China made by the President and the President. And it'll have an incredibly positive impact on farming, meaning agriculture, industrial products, computers -- every type of product.
And what I'd be doing is holding back on tariffs. China will be opening up. China will be getting rid of tariffs. You know, China right now has major trade barriers -- they're major tariffs -- and also major non-tariff barriers, which are brutal. China will be getting rid of many of them. And China will be buying massive amounts of product from us, including agricultural from our farmers -- tremendous amount of agricultural and other products.
So it's been really something. You may also want to say that the President has agreed that if the Qualcomm deal that they rejected -- which was one of the larger deals of its kind, which China rejected -- if that deal came back to him, he would most likely approve it quickly, which is a big thing. And North Korea, which we didn't get into, we've agreed that we will work very strongly on North Korea.
I have a very good relationship with Kim Jong Un. And we will -- and don't forget, we've been doing that for what -- six, seven months? Not a long time. People have been working on that one for 80 years, right? From the beginning. And 20 years with the nuclear -- you know, if you just take the nuclear. But he is agreeing to work with me 100 percent on North Korea, and that's a big thing, too.
So you add the fentanyl along with -- because what he will be doing to fentanyl could be a game changer for the United States and what fentanyl is doing to our country in terms of killing people. Because he's agreed to put it at the highest level of crime in his country. Therefore, if they get caught, they have the highest level of punishment.
That could be a game changer. That's a big -- to me, that's a very big thing.
We're going to do one fairly -- you know, into January, February, I think. We're getting along very well. We have a good relationship.
We have actually talked about three sites. We haven't determined the sites.
Within plane distance. This is -- this plane --
This sucker flies -- by the way, what we're doing with this plane is, Peter -- Come on up here. So, what we're doing -- he was at the meeting and you thought it was pretty good?
So what we're doing with the plane -- we land, and then they come in and these are great people that run these aircraft. They are unbelievable. And they're taking apart -- I don't think this section.
The section up front, they're taking all of the seats out. They're putting -- and we're taking -- we're sending the plane -- this plane to Houston. And it picks up the casket -- President Bush -- which is good.
Ready? I will be formally terminating NAFTA shortly. Just so you understand, when I do that, if for any reason we're unable to make the deal, that's  -- because Congress, then Congress will have a choice of approving the USMCA, which is a phenomenal deal. Much, much better than NAFTA. A great deal.
So we'll be terminating NAFTA in the not-too-distant future. We are delaying it.
Say that it's a six-month term, and I'll be -- I'll be terminating it within a relatively short period of time. We get rid of NAFTA. It's been a disaster for the United States. It's caused us tremendous amounts of unemployment and loss and company loss and everything else.
That'll be terminated. And so Congress will have a choice of the USMCA or pre-NAFTA, which worked very well. You got out, you negotiate your deals. It worked very well. Okay? Thank you.
Well, let's leave that. But we -- if they come to me, which they already have, and they said, "You know, Mr. President..."
"They." People that are in Congress. The folks. The folks that you know better than I even know them, okay. No, if they come -- which they have -- to talk about an extension because of President Bush's passing, I would absolutely consider it and probably give it. Thank you everybody.
So Michael Cohen has made many statements to the House, as I understand it, and the Senate. He put out a statement talking about a project, which was essentially, I guess, more or less of an option that we were looking at in Moscow. Everybody knew about it. It was written about in newspapers. It was a well-known project.
It was during the early part of '16 and, I guess, even before that. It lasted a short period of time. I didn't do the project. I decided not to do the project. So I didn't do it. So we're not talking about doing a project; we're talking about not doing a project. Michael Cohen, what he's doing is -- he was convicted, I guess.
You'll have to put it into legal terms. But he was convicted with a fairly long-term sentence on things totally unrelated to the Trump Organization -- having to do with mortgages, and having to do with cheating the IRS perhaps. A lot of different things. I don't know exactly, but he was convicted of various things unrelated to us. He was given a fairly long jail sentence.
And he's a weak person. And by being weak, unlike other people that you watch -- he is a weak person. And what he's trying to do is get a reduced sentence. So he's lying about a project that everybody knew about. I mean, we were very open with it. We were thinking about building a building. I guess we had -- in a form, it was an option.
I don't know what you'd call it. We decided -- I decided ultimately not to do it. There would have been nothing wrong if I did do it. If I did do it, there would have been nothing wrong. That was my business.
So he's lying, very simply, to get a reduced sentence. Okay?
I don't know when I decided, but somewhere during the period of time. I was never very enthused. Somewhere during the period -- because I was running for President. My focus was running for President. But I -- when I run for President, that doesn't mean I'm not allowed to do business. I was doing a lot of different things when I was running.
After I won, obviously I don't do business, when -- from January 20th -- but more importantly -- which is a following year. But I ran a business. In fact, I often joke about the fact that I was the only person that campaigned and simultaneously ran a business. But that was -- that was a project that we didn't do, I didn't do. That was a project that wasn't done for a lot of reasons.
Number one is that I was really -- not that I had to do it -- but I was focused on running for President. I wanted that to be my primary focus, not running or building a building.
Well, this was a deal that didn't happen. That was no deal. I mean, if you look, this was an option -- I guess, I don't if I want to -- I want to be very specific. So -- but, to my way of thinking, it was an option that I decided not to do.
So we didn't. So if you look, we really didn't have --
So -- excuse me. Excuse me. This was an option, in a form, but here's very simple: We had a position to possibly do a deal to build a building of some kind in Moscow. I decided not to do it. The primary reason -- there could have been other reasons. But the primary reason, it was very simple: I was focused on running for President.
There would be nothing wrong if I did do it. I was running my business while I was campaigning. There was a good chance that I wouldn't have won, in which case I would have gotten back into the business. And why should I lose lots of opportunities? So here's the story: Go back and look at the paper that Michael Cohen wrote before he testified in the House and/or Senate.
It talked about his position. What he's trying to do -- because he's a weak person and not a very smart person. What he's trying to do is end -- and it's very simple. He's got himself a big prison sentence, and he's trying to get a much lesser prison sentence by making up a story. Now, here's the thing: Even if he was right, it doesn't matter because I was allowed to do whatever I wanted during the campaign.
I was running my business -- a lot of different things -- during the campaign. So, very simply, Michael Cohen is lying and he's trying to get a reduced sentence for things that have nothing to do with me. Now, let me go a step further: I think you should go back to -- I think it was January. It was just reported very well by Catherine Herridge, who's a terrific reporter on Fox.
She talks about a letter that he signed. I don't even remember it. And it specifically talks about this deal. This deal was a very public deal. Everybody knows about this deal. I wasn't trying to hide anything. Okay.
Well, we're going to talk about it, but we have a lot of -- we have a lot of things to talk about. Jeff.
I think we're very close to doing something with China, but I don't know that I want to do it because what we have right now is billions and billions of dollars coming into the United States in the form of tariffs or taxes. So I really don't know. But I will tell you that I think China wants to make a deal.
I'm open to making a deal. But, frankly, I like the deal we have right now.
I probably will be meeting with President Putin. We haven't terminated that meeting. I was thinking about it, but we haven't. They'd like to have it.
I think it's a very good time to have the meeting. I'm getting a full report on the plane as to what happened with respect to that, and that will determine what I'm going to be doing. Okay? Thank you.
Well, I have a couple of reports. We're getting a finalized report. Are you talking about on the Russian situation --
-- and the Ukraine? Yeah, we're getting a finalized report. I'm going to have it on the plane sometime today.
It only wasn't set up. I mean, I would -- I would have met with him but we didn't set that one up.
I'm meeting with President Xi, which is a very important meeting having to do with trade. And, as you know, I'm making about three or four meetings. We just didn't have time.
I'm going to bring it up. Yes.
I don't hear you. You have to talk. You got -- see that? You have a helicopter.
No, the question was asked yesterday about pardons, with respect to Paul Manafort, who -- it's very sad what's happened to Paul, the way he's bring treated. I've never seen anybody treated so poorly. But the question was asked to me by the New York Post. And I said, "No, I have not offered any pardons." And I think they asked -- or whatever -- "Would you?" I said, "I'm not taking anything off the table." That was done as a question from the New York Post.
Because, a long time ago, he did me a favor. A long time ago, he did me a favor.
No, not at all. Not at all. I'm not worried at all about him. You just take a look at his written document. Go back, take a look at what he wrote in, I think, January. He has a written statement. And I -- that's the fact. Yeah.
I don't know what -- you know, you can't -- with the helicopter.
A possible shutdown -- if we don't get the wall money. A very possible --
We're in negotiation. If we don't get border security, possible shutdown. See you all.
Thank you, Mississippi. It's great to be here. Great, great victories in Mississippi. We really did. We had great victories in Mississippi as you know very well. They weren't even close. By the way, tomorrow if you don't mind make it not even close too. Well I am thrilled to be back in Tupelo. I love Tupelo.
Home of thousands of hard working American patriots and the proud birthplace of "The King of Rock and Roll" Elvis. Elvis. We love Elvis. I -- I shouldn't say this. You'll say I'm very conceited because I'm not. But other than the blonde hair when I was growing up, they said I looked like Elvis. Do you see that?
Do you believe it? I always consider that a great compliment. We love Elvis. Don't we? In fact, we just gave Elvis the Medal of Freedom Award at the White House. Tomorrow the voters of this state will cast their ballots in one of the most important Senate elections of your lives, of all of our lives. It's very important because we've done great and now we're going to even a little bit better by adding an extra vote on. And as you know the fake news back there didn't like to talk to much about the Senate.
They didn't like to talk too much about the Senate. They talked about the House where I couldn't campaign too much. How many of these can I do? We worked on the Senators and that looks like if we win tomorrow, Cindy is so important. So respected. We've got to send her back. But if we win tomorrow, we'll be at 53-47 which is substantially more than we had -- But they don't like to talk about the new great governor of Georgia that we got in. Remember?
President Obama went there. Michelle went there. Oprah went there. They all went there. And then Trump went there all by himself and we won. Isn't that something? And the great new governor of Ohio and the governor of Florida and the Senator from Florida and a lot of things we won that a lot of people aren't talking about.
Tennessee. Right? Missouri, that was a good one. They said, you couldn't get Claire out of there. We got her out of there. We got her out of there. They don't want to talk about any of that. And actually for the House people that we did work for, if you look, we went to Kentucky, great guy Andy Barr. We got him in and a lot of great races.
We had a -- we really did a good job but I can only make so many stops and today I'm making three of them in Mississippi. Can you believe that? But you know what Tupelo? You're the first one. OK. Don't tell anybody. Don't tell anybody because we'll get in trouble but you're the first one. So I appreciate you all -- this is a big crowd.
I wish the press was a little bit back further. Look what's back there. Media, look all behind you. Media. Hello folks. My guys could have set it up a little bit better. You know, honestly, they do have these great cameras with the magnifying on them. I mean, if they were back a little further we would have all the people over here instead of back in the corners.
Can you remember that next time folks? Maybe, my people -- my people. Sometimes my people let me down. That happens a little bit, you know. But for the most part, I'll tell you what. We are doing great. This election's about jobs and judges, borders and protecting the blessings of freedom and prosperity for our children.
This is what it's about. It's about getting a great new Senator that's also what it's about. She's been there for a little while and in that little while everybody really respects her. Really likes her and she loves you. That I can tell you. She really does. Special woman. It's about preserving a strong military, a safe community and a soaring economy.
We're doing great. I'm here to ask the people of Mississippi to send Cindy Hyde-Smith back to the United States Senate. So we can make America great again. We can make it great for all Americans. It's all Americans. Your vote on Tuesday will decide whether we build on our extraordinary achievements or whether we empower the radical Democrats to obstruct our progress, reverse our gains and return to the failures of the past.
For years you watched as powerful forces in Washington shipped away your jobs. You saw that. You saw that. That's changing. You see what's coming in. So many companies coming in to Mississippi and everyplace else by the way. They sacrifice your security. You notice our -- hey by the way, excuse me. Are we doing OK on the border folks?
Not going to have it. You've got to come into our country legally.  You're right. You're right. And we have a lot of it built and it's going up but I'll tell you that other, the rest of it. You say that's pretty nasty looking wires now huh? Pretty nasty. But we're doing well.
We're not letting people into our country unless they come in legally and we want people to come in through merit. We have great companies coming into our country. We need workers. We want them to come in but they have to be talented people that can love our country. They have to come in through merit. Through merit.
Not through lottery. Not where we picked them out of a basket. Right? When the government puts them -- and you think the government's putting their finest in there? I don't know. History would say they probably aren't. They're not putting Elvis in there right? If we're not going to find Elvis. Under my Administration we are living by a new policy.
It's a very simple two words. It's called America first. That's what we're all about now. Republicans have unleashed the greatest economic comeback in American history. It's true. We're doing even better than you would understand. Everybody's negotiating to come back in and by the way and we're negotiating great trade deals in the opposite way.
Because we have had the worst trade deal and the worst trade deals of any country probably ever. The dumbest deals, the worst, but they're really good now. And they're getting good. And you know, the end of the week I meet with China. I meet with a lot of other countries that have not treated us too well but we're doing extremely well.
Hello back there. Oh I'm so -- I feel so guilty you're so far back. They just don't learn. This happened to me in Georgia. The press had such a good site and the people are so far back there. Is there anyway we can let those people come along here? Because if you can, let them. OK. What do you think? Yes?
Yes? I wish the media would show this crowd. They never do. Look over there. Look, it's incredible. I wish the media would show this crowd. Watch. If I say spin the cameras, they'll never spin the cameras. They don't want the people to know how many people are here. They never do and that's OK. You know what you do? You can tell.
You can tell -- you can tell by the sound. Because you can't imitate thousands and thousands of people. That's right. She just said, the First Lady tells me about the sound. More Americans are working today than ever before in the history of our country. Think of that. Today, more Americans are working by a lot.
We've created 4.5 million new jobs and we have lifted 4.3 million Americans off of food stamps. The unemployment rate just hit the lowest level in more than 50 years. And soon will break the record, we hope. Here in Mississippi the unemployment rate has reached it's all time low in history. Thank you. Well you do have a great governor, you know that.
You have a great governor. Who's here I think? He better be here, right? Where's -- where is he? Here, OK. Good. Boy, I would -- I'm going to introduce you to . But he is one hell of a governor and he loves his state. Last month alone, 10 states hit their lowest unemployment rates in the history of our country.
Nationwide, African-American unemployment has reached its lowest rate ever recorded. African-American youth unemployment has reached an all time historic low. The African-American poverty rate has reached the lowest level ever recorded. This is under Republicans folks. Please remember the home of Abraham Lincoln.
The Republican party. Under Republican leadership America's booming, America's thriving and America is winning again, winning like never before. We're respected again. We're respected again as a nation. On election day, we made history by expanding our Senate GOP majority. You never hear that. We have a great, great -- oh please vote tomorrow.
You know. You're going to have -- you've got an election tomorrow. It's going to be, I think, a very big day for Cindy and for the Republican party and for the country. Got to get out and vote. Don't take any chance. A lot of people think we're going to have a big win. Don't take any chances. That's happened many times before.
Gee, we don't have to vote tomorrow. Right Phil? We know all about it. We don't have to vote tomorrow. That never works out well when you have that. Just assume you have to vote. You have to get out there or send out your ballots or do whatever you have to do. But just get them done. We cannot allow Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer -- -- to erode that victory by winning the great state of Mississippi.
That's not possible. Is that possible? I don't think so. No, this Senate seat is for a very, very special woman who's going to do a special job and she votes for us. And she votes for Make America Great Again and she votes for America First. The platform of today's Democrat party is radical socialism and open borders.
I don't think we like open borders. You know when you look at the news at night and you see what's happening at the border and you know for many years this has been flowing in. Now, people are coming up here because our economy's doing great and all. But for many years, this is what's been happening -- they just walk -- came right through but they're not coming through anymore.
Unless they come through legally. If you want more jobs and less crime, than you have to vote Republican. We are honored to be joined today by several, incredible Mississippi Republican leaders and -- and this one is really a friend of mine for a long time. He just finished the African-American Museum and we went through it a few months ago when it was opening.
And he was so proud of it and just the people, everybody loves this guy. He's a special guy, special man, Governor Phil Bryant. So -- Come here Phil. Come here. Come here Phil. Special man. A Congressman, great General, tough guy. Always been on our side, you know what I'm talking about and Congressman Trent Kelly.
Trent. Trent. Love your state. A man who's become very, very -- I mean, just incredible. Every time there's difficulty in his way, that quiet killer way of his, he always wins, Senator Roger Wicker. Roger. He always wins. And he's a great guy. And I brought a star along and  became an even bigger star during that horrible situation with Brett Kavanaugh.
He gave probably 100 words and they'll go -- I mean they're going to be playing those words for a long time. And they were very special, they meant a lot because this was a man who Brett Kavanaugh was extraordinary and he was beaten up so badly and so unfairly by the Democrats. But we got through it. There were a lot of lies.
There were a lot of lies. A number of people have already recanted their stories, never happened. You know that. Right? Never happened but this man said, some brilliant and some beautiful and warm, from the heart words that really helped us get a great Supreme Court Justice. Senator Lindsey Graham. He's here.
Where is he? Come. Come. Come here. Come here. Come here. He's become my friend actually. He's become my friend. So he can never duplicate what he did but he'll probably do a lousy job when I say, say a few words. But you know what? He really did. He did a special job and he's -- he's just a great guy. Lindsey, say a few words.
Thank you, Lindsey. Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you, Lindsey. So we're here tonight to support a truly incredible leader, a tireless champion for all of the people of Mississippi. And if I could, I'd like to have her just come up for a few seconds and say a few words, then we're going to make a trip.
We're going to do two other stops. So we're going to have a little fun in Mississippi. You know -- I said, I don't need my coat. What do I need a coat? I'm going to Mississippi. I'm glad I -- I'm glad I -- what's going on with this weather today here? Huh? What's going on? So, I'm going to ask Cindy to come up and she's great on tax cuts, tough on the border.
She loves our military. She loves our vets and she always supports our tremendous judicial nominees. And I will tell you -- Cindy come on up Cindy. She stood up to the Democrats . And she voted yes on Brett Kavanaugh, so important. Cindy, please, say a few words. Thank you very much.
Wow.  Thank you very much, Cindy. That was a great job. That was a great job by the way. Cindy's far-left opponent, he's far-left. Oh, he's out there. How does he fit in with Mississippi? Just explain -- and I could go over those. But how does he fit in? My guess he opposed Justice Kavanaugh.
Espy will vote in total lockstep with Schumer, Pelosi, the legendary Maxine Waters and the special interest bank rolling his campaign. Espy supported one of the largest tax increases in American history. You know that. He co-sponsored legislation that provides late term abortion on demand. You know that.
He backed a total government takeover of healthcare and he even sponsored legislation to provide free taxpayer funded healthcare to illegal aliens. Which I'm sure you love paying for that. Mike Espy would rather protect illegal aliens than the people that live in Mississippi and Mississippi workers. It just can't work that way.
You know, we want to be nice and we all have a big heart. But it can't work that way because it doesn't work. No matter where you go in the world, that doesn't work. We don't need to give Schumer another vote to block our judges and abolish our borders and stall our wonderful nominees. We have great nominees.
We have to get them through. Cindy will be with every single one of them. These are the top people. Judicial people and other people. Anywhere in this country, anywhere in the world as far as I'm concerned. Also at stake in tomorrow's election is your Medicare benefits. Democrats want to raid the Medicare to fund socialism.
What -- it's very simple what's going on. I do really want to run against a true socialist because I can't believe that's what this country wants. But let's see what happens. It's going to be a very interesting fight. Republicans want to protect Medicare for their great seniors who have earned it and by the way who have paid for it. You know that.
And Republicans will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. Democrats will also destroy your healthcare by inviting millions upon millions of aliens to violate our borders. Once they arrive, they want to sign them up for free healthcare, free welfare, free education and the right to vote.
You know talking about the fake media. I was doing that speech recently and I said and each one of them gets a free Rolls Royce. And so the media, one of the particular groups, you know. They said, he said they get a Rolls Royce but they don't get a Rolls Royce. They said that. They don't get a Rolls Royce.
They said he gets a Pinocchio for that. They said he gets . You hear that. I said Rolls Royce and they said, no he doesn't. They got me Phil. They got me. Democrats have become the party of caravans and crime. True. Because when you have open borders, you have crime. When you have sanctuary cities, you have crime.
Republicans are committed to halting this incursion and defending the sovereign territory of the United States of America. We're very proud of it. We will not tolerate any form of assault or attack upon our border agents like happened yesterday. Or any attempt to destroy Federal property, overrun Federal authorities, or bring chaos and violence to American soil.
And if you look at what's happening along the border, you see what's happening. The Mayor of Tijuana, he said these are tough people. These people fight when you talk to them. These are tough people. We don't want those people in Mississippi. I'm sorry. Of course, I know you'd win the fight but who needs it. Right?
Who needs it. Who needs it. Last year alone our brave border patrol and ICE agents seized nearly 1 million pounds of illegal narcotics and they don't want to have ICE. Since I took the oath of office, ICE agents have arrested over 235,000 aliens with criminal records, including those charged or convicted of more than 100,000 assaults and nearly 4,000 killings.
Think of that. 4,000 killings and they want to abolish ICE. No thank you. And by the way, the ICE folks, they're tough and they're smart and they're great and they love our country. Just remember that. One in five Federal prisoners is a non-citizen. You don't hear that ever. Illegal immigration is also deeply unfair to American workers including African-American workers.
My Administration will always protect Mississippi workers from unfair and illegal competition. A nation's first duty is to take care of its own citizens. After years of defending our borders, and you look at doing all of this, we defend all sorts of borders. We defend our borders just a little bit but now we defend our borders very strongly.
We defend the borders of other nations but we don't defend our borders properly but that's all changed since we got elected. We've done a good job. We're sending a clear message to the caravans and to the trespassers. Turn around. Go back home. Do you ever notice they say they're coming up? And they want protection because they're country is such a bad place.
But they're waving the flags of their countries as they're walking up. I don't know somehow that doesn't work. Right? Doesn't work. They're waving the flags proudly of their countries but they want to get out of their country because it's so bad. Democrats even support the sanctuary cities that unleash known criminals and gang members onto our streets.
Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law abiding citizens not criminal aliens. We want to end sanctuary cities. And we've actually started big sections of the wall but we want to finish the wall. We've got to get funding from Congress and if this isn't the right time to get funding when you look at what's happening at the border.
They're never be a right time so we're going very strongly for funding for the wall. And Lindsey and everybody it just, I mean, your great Congressman by the way is one of the leaders of that. Thank you very much General. Thank you. Funding. Tomorrow's election is about safety and it's about jobs. The state of Mississippi lost over 40 percent of all manufacturing jobs following the disasters of NAFTA.
One of the great disasters of all time in terms of trade and China's entrance into the World Trade Organization. They were flat lining and they joined the World Trade Organization which was actually meant for them, to take advantage of us and they went like a rocket ship. And it became the China of today but today we're doing much better than China.
Since they joined the WTO, we've racked up $4.5 trillion in trade deficits with China. That's for the years that they've joined, $4.5 trillion, not billion, not million, trillion. You know what that is? Nobody even knows what -- how many zeros in a trillion? So many you don't have time to write them. Year end that's all going to change.
Year after year, politicians who ran for office promising to fix our horrible trade deals and I took it on. And that's right, when they charge us a tariff, we charge them a tariff now. OK? And we're going to be introducing legislation on that very subject. When we charge them, you can call it a mirror tax.
You can call it whatever but isn't it crazy that China and other countries, China's the biggest but other countries. We make a car, send it to China. There's a 25 percent tax. They make a car, send it to us there's almost no tax. OK? Other than that, it's a very fair deal. Then they get elected, these politicians and they do nothing other than let other countries continue to rip us of. And I don't blame other countries.
I don't blame China. I don't blame Japan. I don't blame South Korea who we protect and we still lose a fortune on trade. I don't blame these other countries. I blame our past leadership for allowing these other countries to get away with it. So I'm not like other politicians. I can't even believe I'm calling myself a politician but I guess that's what I am. Hey look.
I went and look -- look -- I guess -- am I a politician? I don't know. All I know is this. I ran one time and I won. One time. One time.  Thank you. Thank you. You know what the new slogan is, so it's Make America Great Again. Right? New slogan is Keep America Great. But don't tell anybody.
OK? We don't want somebody stealing that slogan. It would be hard for somebody else. Actually I guess I'd like the opponents to steal that slogan. Right? Now we're replacing the horrible job killing NAFTA with a brand new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement which is a good deal for us, a really good deal. Countries in -- you know, you take a look at the countries that were stealing.
You look at what went on in Mexico where our car manufacturers went down there. Make 25 percent of our cars now in Mexico. All of that's not going to happen anymore. They're not going to be leaving our country. We're going to make it very difficult under this agreement and that's fine. And I let it be known right at the beginning we have to have that.
The USMCA like YMCA. The song, YMCA. Y -M -C-A. The USMCA is a tremendous victory for Mississippi farmers. We love our farmers, manufacturers and auto workers. And by the way, speaking of farmers and small business owners, you know in our tax cuts we passed the largest tax cuts in history. And we have great provisions there like ANWAR, the great oil site in Alaska.
Right? They've been trying to get it for 40 years. But you know what's great for our farmers and small business, the estate tax, the death tax. If you love your children, you'd like to leave your estate, your farm, your small business, whatever it may be. You'd like to leave it to your children. Right? Without being tax where they have to go out and borrow to the hilt.
Well guess what? You have no more estate tax to pay. You have no more death tax to pay. OK? You have no more death tax to pay. So if you like your children, it's great. If you don't like your children, don't leave it to them and therefore the tax -- don't even think about it. Didn't help you very much. Who here does not like their children?
Anybody? I don't see one hand. There's nobody? There's got to be somebody. Back there. See in the very back corner, look. No, it's a great thing. That's something that we get that we don't talk about much but that's a big thing. People leave their farms and other things to their children. Their children have to pay the taxes.
The taxes are staggering. They go out and they borrow money and they're in debt and a lot of times it didn't work out. You don't have tax to pay anymore. You have nothing to pay on those farms and small businesses. Under my Administration, we've created half a million brand new manufacturing jobs. Remember we weren't going to be able to create any.
Because under the previous administration, they said manufacturing's never coming back. It's gone. You'd need a magic wand. Well we found the magic wand and that's actually -- - - that's actually going to be increasing by a lot in the next short while because we have a lot of companies moving in. We've also taken the toughest ever action against the abusive trade practices of many other countries.
They were abusive. They were -- nobody did anything about it. I mean, they either didn't have a clue or they didn't care. America is respected again. We are respected again. It's a whole different ballgame. We've taken bold action to reduce the cost of health insurance for the first time in years. Healthcare premiums are coming down.
Just remember that. We've worked hard on that. Secretary Azar has done a fantastic job. And right here in Mississippi, we've opened up new affordable alternative plans that are up to 56 percent cheaper than the disaster known as Obamacare. And to help critically ill patients get life saving treatments, we passed Right To Try.
Do you know what that is? It's a -- hopefully nobody needs it. But people who are terminally ill, we have the greatest medicines, the greatest doctors in the world. And we have a pipeline but it takes years to get approved. We've cut it in half. We're going to be cutting it again in half. But it used to take 15 years, now it's way down but it's still years and they have some cures that really look good.
I mean, they look like they're going to work out. If a patient is terminally ill, you're now going to be able to have access to those potential cures, which is great. Through that medicine. Previous to four months ago when I signed it, it wasn't -- if you had people -- if they had enough money they'd go to all parts of the world.
They were looking for hope all over the world. They'd go to Europe. They'd go to South America. They go to Asia. Now, they sign a piece of paper. They immediately get taken care of and by the way Phil, we've had some incredible results already. So we're had some incredible results. We passed Veteran's Choice for our veterans.
44 years they've been trying to pass it. So now it gives you the right to see your private doctor or a private doctor immediately. If you're standing in line for 10 days or two weeks or six weeks, you have no idea. The numbers are horrible. And now if you have to wait, you go out and you see a private doctor down the road, down the street, across the street and you get taken care of immediately.
No more waiting in line for -- I mean numbers of days and weeks. It's hard to believe. People would stand in line and they're OK, not bad. And they have to wait so long they've been literally terminally ill by the time they got doctor's care. Now you go outside. You get a doctor and we pay for it. And it's a great thing.
Another is the landmark VA Accountability Law, over 40 years they've been trying to get this and we got it done. That's where people that abuse our great veterans in the hospitals and they were people that were sickos. They do it. We look at them and we say get out of here. You're fired. Get out and worse.
We secured through the help of Lindsey Graham and everybody. Roger, we secured $700 billion and $716 billion to fully rebuild our great United States military and we gave our great warriors their largest pay raise in more than a decade. And of my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the 6th branch of the American Armed Forces.
It's called the Space Force. And today -- today we just landed on Mars. Did you hear that? We just landed. They were celebrating at NASA. We have reawakened NASA and that's a good thing. And we're also letting rich private guys, I don't know a lot of people -- a lot of the rich guys like rockets. So we charge them rent.
Go ahead, build all the rockets you want. That's good for us. Just make sure you have an American flag on the rocket. So I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran Nuclear catastrophe deal. And we have just recently recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem.
President's for years, many, many decades have been saying they were going to do it. They never did it. And I understand why, it's not easy to do but we got it done. In fact, we just opened up the embassy if you can believe that. It's probably about 20 years ahead of schedule. Together we've made unbelievable progress and we are just getting started.
But we need every last Republican vote in the U.S. Senate. Only with a solid Senate GOP majority can we defend your tax cuts and defend your regulation cuts and your 2nd Amendment. Which by the way is under siege, in case you haven't noticed. Protect your Medicare and Social Security. Confirm your great judicial nominees and save our courts with incredible pro-Constitution judges.
We will fight every day to secure the border, to stop illegal immigration, to pass Kate's Law. End sanctuary cities. End chain migration. Cancel the visa lottery and keep the criminals and drug dealers and terrorists the hell out of our country. And we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work.
Dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. For years you watched as your leaders apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America, who loves your country. We all love our country. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Mississippi and we are proudly standing up for our great National Anthem.
So I am asking every citizen from every party, community, background, race, color, religion and creed for the honor of your support. I need you to get your family. Get your friends. Get your neighbors. Get your co-workers and get out tomorrow and vote for Cindy Hyde-Smith. Ours is the greatest political movement, can you believe this, where we started three years ago in political , in political history, in history.
We've never had a movement like this. Look at this crowd today. I mean, in theory, they should be considered a little bit of an off election and here we are. I don't know how many thousands of people this is but it's a lot of people and we have a massive crowd. We're going over to Gulfport and we have a massive crowd there.
It's the same thing. This is a movement like this country has never seen before. This is a movement like almost no country has ever seen and we have a lot of bad people. We have a lot of phony stuff like the Russian witch hunt garbage. We have a lot of -- we have a lot of things going on and there's never been a movement like this.
Because it's about the people. It's about what we are doing and what we've done. It's about delivering safety and opportunity for every family. It's about building a brighter future for every man, woman and child all across our magnificent land. And it's about coming together as one proud American family.
We stand on the shoulders of American patriots who built the highways, linked the railroads, dugout the Panama Canal. Won two World Wars, put satellites into space, landed on Mars today. And landed an American astronaut on the face of the moon. Our ancestors defeated fascism. Vanquished communism. Delivered millions into freedom and built the greatest and most powerful military in the history of the world.
And our military, very shortly, will be much more powerful than it ever was before. And because of that hopefully we'll never have to use it. We are Americans and there's nothing beyond our reach. The heroes that came before us did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while other tries to erase their legacy and destroy our proud American heritage.
A heritage like nobody has. For the sake of our freedom, for the sake of our children, we are going to work. We are going to fight and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never, ever back down. We will never surrender and we will always fight on to victory.
We are one people and one nation with one glorious American destiny. We all share the same home. We all share the same heart. We all salute the same flag and we are all made by the same Almighty God. So together and I want to thank you so much. This is so beautiful. The spirit, the people, incredible place.
With all of the people of Mississippi we will make America wealthy again. We will make American strong again. We will make America safe again and we will Make America Great Again. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Wow, this is great. Look, snow. I didn't know what was going on. This is -- I said, you sure this is indoor? That beautiful snow looks so real. That's the end of my suit. That's the end of the hair for tonight. That's OK. I love Mississippi, and I love being with you in Mississippi. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you. It's a beautiful place. This is a big -- this is a big, beautiful arena, and they have thousands of people outside, and this place is packed. There's nothing like a Trump rally. Do we agree? Nothing like a Trump rally. I'm thrilled to be here with the great people of Mississippi. You are the men and women that make America truly great, and thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Tomorrow we need the people of Mississippi to go to the polls and elect Cindy Hyde-Smith so that we can continue doing what we're doing, which is, frankly, unprecedented. What's happening is unprenticed. Look, what's the simple two words? It's called America first. America first. It's about time.
It's about time. Under Republican leadership, America is winning again, America is respected again. We are respected like at no time before. And I can tell you, I'm meeting constantly with foreign leaders, and they walk in, and they say, Mr. President, it's incredible what's happened with your country in such a short period of time.
America is respected again. We've unleashed the greatest economic comeback in American history. More Americans are working today than ever before. Think of that. Today, right now, more Americans are working in our country than at any time before. So that's a big thing. That's a big thing. We've created 4.5 million new jobs, and we've lifted 4.3 million Americans off of food stamps.
The unemployment rate just hit the lowest level in more than 50 years. And here in Mississippi, the unemployment rate has hit its lowest level of all time. Congratulations, Mississippi. African-American unemployment has reached the lowest rate ever recorded. African-American youth unemployment has reached the lowest rate ever recorded.
And African-American poverty is at an all-time low. Remember what I used to say, what the hell do you have to lose, right? Well, we produced. And we're going to continue to produce. Republicans passed a massive tax cut for Mississippi families. We eliminated a record number of job-killing regulations. And America is now the number-one producer of energy on the planet Earth.
Not even close. And that took place pretty quickly, didn't it? We are taking care of our veterans, and our military will soon be more powerful than it has ever been before. And because of that incredible power, hopefully we will never have to use it, right? But to protect these amazing achievements, Mississippi must defend our Senate Republican majority.
You know, we had a fantastic evening and day very recently, the midterms. We got very little credit from the fake news media. Very little credit. They talked about the House, but the people I campaigned for in the House, which was very few, I can't -- look, I'm one person. But the people I campaigned, like in Kentucky, Andy Barr, and so many others, they won.
But the people I campaigned for, generally governor of Georgia, governor of Florida, governor of Ohio, Tennessee, senator, great new senator from Tennessee. Indiana, North Dakota, Missouri, Florida, and many, many others. We got very little credit. But we actually -- if we win tomorrow, we go 53-47. And nobody can believe it. Fifty-three to forty-seven, they're not happy.
The fake news is not happy about those numbers. But that really does -- that gives us very much of a breather. And for those of you that study politics, when the sitting president picks up a seat, let alone like we've done, that's considered a big deal, for whatever reason. For whatever reason. But I used to say, I think that's going to happen.
And I have to tell you, we had three seats, even four seats that were so close, we almost won in areas that a lot of people say don't bother contesting. We almost won in four states that a lot of people said don't bother, you can't win. I said, let's give it a shot. And I'll tell you, a little -- a little tricky business going on. But let's give them the benefit of a doubt, right?
If you let Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, and Chuck Schumer... ... win the Mississippi Senate seat, they will try to erase all of our gains, reverse all of our progress, and impose -- you know this -- they want to impose their extreme job-killing agenda. And I just said, you just set your all-time record in Mississippi for jobs.
It can disappear quickly with the wrong leadership. We don't want that to happen. So if you want more jobs, less crime, strong borders -- how are we doing on the borders? Then you only have one choice tomorrow: You must vote Republican. We are honored tonight to be joined by several really terrific Mississippi Republican leaders.
And we'll start with a friend of mine, he has been so incredible. Seven months ago, he took me around to see things, and then he showed me something that he's maybe the most proud of all of, the African American Museum. Phil Bryant put his guts and his life and his blood into it. Number one, it's doing fantastically.
But number two, I loved it, and he did a fantastic job. He is a great governor, Governor Phil Bryant. Where is Phil? Come here, Phil. Come here, Phil. Come on up here, Phil. We have to get him up here, right? Great governor.
Thanks, Phil. Thank you, Phil. Great job. Lieutenant Governor Tate Reeves. Lieutenant Governor, where is our lieutenant governor? Where is he? Where is he? Thank you, Tate. A man who's been spectacular, the job he's done. Everyone's talking about it, U.S. Attorney Mike Hurst. Mike? Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike.
A very good friend of mine, he's always there, he's always available, and he is very smart. He loves the people of Mississippi. He loves the people of our country, Senator Roger Wicker. Roger? Thank you, Roger. Great job. And a man that did so well recently, it will go down for a long time, you're going to be seeing those words.
They were beautiful words. And they were needed very desperately at that time. Brett Kavanaugh was being treated very unfairly, very, very unfairly. And Lindsey Graham got up, and he hit a chord that you hit very rarely in the world of politics or anything else. He said things that were said not only so well, the meaning of what he said really changed the course of that event, and now we have a great, great Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh, Lindsey Graham.
Lindsey, thank you, Lindsey. Thank you. Thank you, Lindsey. He really did. That was very special. We're all here tonight to support an amazing leader and a tremendous champion for this great state, a woman who went to Washington. She's been there for now a short period of time as your senator, but she is respected by all.
And some long-term senators, they've been down there, they told me this is a woman that gets it. She's smart, she's tough, and she loves you. Cindy Hyde-Smith, we have to get her in. Cindy. Come up, Cindy. Come up. Cindy is working every day to rebuild our military, to fix our trade deals, and to deliver for our workers and our farmers and the families of Mississippi.
She produces like few produce. This is a very, very special person. Come, Cindy. Cindy defied the Democrat smear machine -- and that's what it was -- by proudly voting Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh. And her vote was so important. And we just want to thank Cindy Hyde-Smith. You've got to go out tomorrow and vote.
We need her. We need her badly. Thank you, Cindy.
Get out tomorrow and vote for Cindy. She'll never let you down. The future of the American judicial system is at the center of tomorrow's election. So important. It's a choice between judges who follow the rule of law and judges who follow the radical resistance. That's what it is. Obstructionists. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, opposed Brett Kavanaugh.
He's not had a great career, folks. Check it out. Democrats want activist judges who will rewrite our laws, undermine our democracy, and substitute their own far-left politics for the plane and very beautiful meaning of our Constitution. That's what they want to do. A vote for Espy is a vote for the Democrat agenda of socialism and open borders.
Espy supported one of the largest tax increases, you know this, in American history. He cosponsored legislation providing late-term abortion on demand. And he sponsored legislation to provide free government health care to illegal aliens at your expense. Congratulations. Congratulations, Mississippi. Mississippi deserves a senator who shares your values and will fight for your values, and that senator is Cindy Hyde-Smith.
Now, also at stake in tomorrow's election are your Medicare benefits. That's a big deal. Democrats want to raid Medicare to find socialism. It won't last long. Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it and, by the way, who have paid for it, just in case we forget. And Republicans will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions.
Democrats will also destroy your health care by inviting caravan after caravan after caravan of illegal aliens... ... to violate our borders, overwhelming our communities, and bankrupting our treasury. You look at what's happening on our border and you see people coming up by the thousands. And frankly, if we didn't show them strength and a strong border -- and nobody's shown a stronger border -- if we didn't do that, you would have hundreds of thousands of people pouring into our country.
We are doing a job, and we will continue to do a job. We're doing what's right.  So the wall has started, very, very substantially. In fact, you saw the other day the wall stopped everybody and it was only the section that's now under construction. They breached it, but only momentarily.
It didn't take long. Momentarily. That was called a very momentary breach. I'll tell you what, how good is our border enforcement, ICE, our border patrols, our local police, and our military doing? And you see what our military has already done to existing walls. They made them very unfriendly looking, wouldn't you say?
Climbing those walls would be a very painful experience right now. Republicans are committed to halting this incursion and defending the sovereign borders of the United States. We are sending a simple message to the lawless caravans and to the illegal trespassers marching forward our border. It's very simple, turn back now, go back home.
We will not let you in. We are not going to let you in. Turn back now. Illegal immigration is also deeply unfair to American workers, including African-American workers. People don't realize what happens. My administration will always put the citizens of our country first. The policies of open borders are a threat to every community.
Since I took office, ICE agents have arrested over 235,000 aliens with criminal records. Can you believe that, 235,000? That's a lot. And by the way, they want to get rid of ICE, can you believe it? These are tough, strong, brilliant people that also happen to love our country. And I don't want that job, and you don't want it. And you don't want it. And you don't want it. And you might take it right there.
He might -- this guy, I think you could qualify. Including those charged or convicted of more than 100,000 assaults and nearly 4,000 murders. And we're getting MS-13 out. We're taking them out by the thousands and shipping them the hell out of here. We're getting them out. In the state of Texas alone, according to the Texas Department of Public Safety, between 2011 and 2018, more than 663,000 crimes were committed by illegal immigrants.
You know, you hear these stories about, oh, they don't commit crimes. We commit crimes, they don't commit crimes. Always it's us. No, no, it doesn't work that way. It's fake news. It's fake news. Just recently, an illegal alien released by a sanctuary city in New Jersey was charged with a triple homicide in another state.
In just one operation alone, our ICE officers arrested 355 MS-13 gang members on Long Island and in the New York City area. Of those, nearly half were present in the country because they took advantage of the Democrat-backed loophole granting entry to unaccompanied alien minors. Welcome to the United States.
Yet Democrats want to abolish ICE. They want to turn America into one giant sanctuary city for violent criminals and MS-13 and other gang killers. No, thank you. No, thank you. No, thank you. Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law-abiding citizens, not criminal aliens. Every single day, we are finding the illegal alien gang members and predators and we are either throwing them the hell out of here, putting them in jail, or just plain getting them out of our country as nicely as possible.
Tomorrow's election is about safety, and tomorrow's election is about prosperity. For decades, Washington politicians allowed foreign countries to plunder our jobs, shutter our factories, and decimate our industries. I've been talking about it for 20 years. When I was in the private sector -- I can't believe I'm not in the private sector.
Now they call me a politician. I'm a politician. I can't stand it. They said he's a political person. But I've only had one race, and look at the result. Here we are. And we're only going to have one more race, and hopefully that result will be even better, because we produced. Trillions of dollars were ripped from our nation and redistributed all across the globe.
We've distributed money, and we've distributed our wealth. It's been ripped away from us. It's been taken and given to China and given to Japan and given to South Korea and given to South America and given to everybody all over the world. It's been given to everybody but us. We racked up $4.5 trillion in trade deficits with China since they entered the WTO.
That's the World Trade Organization, which other than NAFTA is probably the worst trade deal any country has ever entered, and we entered it, and that's what built China into the power, but now we're the big power. We're far more powerful. And that's the way we're going to keep it. We had an annual trade deficit...  We had an annual trade deficit -- listen to this.
Who made these deals? Who made them? Almost $800 billion a year we lose on trade. We're stopping that. We're turning that. We just made a great new deal with Canada, with Mexico. But of course, they have to treat us fairly. Otherwise we'll just tax their product when it comes in. You know that. You know that.
You know that. You know what I'm talking about. Entire nations were rebuilt at the expense of America's middle class and, frankly, at the expense of America's business. This massive transfer of wealth represented the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. Greatest jobs theft. And you know what?
I don't blame China. And I don't blame these other countries. I blame the leaders of the United States that allowed this to happen. Why shouldn't the other countries try and make these great deals that they've made? I told President Xi, I mean, it's over, I said it's over, but I don't blame you. I don't blame you at all.
I wish we had people that did the same thing in reverse, but we didn't have those people, unfortunately. Here in Mississippi, you lost 4 out of 10 manufacturing jobs in the last 20 years alone. But those days are over. That's why you're doing so well now, and you do have a great, great governor, I have to say that.
America's economic surrender ended the day that I took the oath of office. It ended. And you know what? It really was. Through stupidity, it was an economic surrender. Economic surrender. Why we allowed it to happen, how we allowed it to happen, why these politicians didn't do their job, it's a disgrace.
So we're not going to be taken advantage of anymore. Under my administration, we've created 600,000 brand-new manufacturing jobs that people said could never come back to our country. Right? Remember the previous administration? Remember the previous administration said, oh, manufacturing jobs, that will never happen.
I kept saying, what's he talking about? Manufacturing, we got to make things, right? They said manufacturing jobs would never come back. You'd need a magic wand. Well, we found the magic wand. And they're great jobs. They're high-paying jobs. They're brilliant jobs. They're important jobs. Look at what's happened to our steel industry.
Our steel industry a year ago was dead, and now it's one of the most vibrant anywhere in the world, because we stopped the steel dumping and we put a big tax on -- when they steel dump, they can dump all they want, but they pay 25 percent on everything they dump, and our steel now is doing great. Our industry has come back.
We have steel mills being built all over the country. Nobody saw anything like it ever before. Although 50 years ago, they did well, but for many, many years, nobody's seen anything like it. Last month alone, we added more than 1,000 manufacturing jobs each and every day last month. We're cracking down on countries that cheat and placing tariffs on countries that unfairly subsidized their goods and dump them into our markets like they were doing with steel.
They can dump all they want. I want them to dump a lot. But, you know, number one, what they dump isn't very good, in terms of making high-quality steel. When you need structural steel and other kinds of great steel, you don't want to buy that dumped crap. You want quality stuff. But we're making a lot of money.
We're making a lot of money. They're paying -- they're paying a lot. They want to dump, it's OK. Dump all you want. You're going to pay a lot. That money is flowing right into our treasury, and so are the jobs. Jobs, jobs. We've never saw anything like it. The steel industry, we're very proud of it. We're replacing the NAFTA disaster with a brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement.
It's called the USMCA, like the song, YMCA, right? The USMCA is a tremendous victory for Mississippi farmers, manufacturers, and autoworkers. Tremendous. It's a tremendous deal for us. And you know, one of the things in that deal, you're not going to have companies moving to Mexico and Canada. I told them, that's one thing we can't do. Not going to happen under that deal.
No incentive to move, none, whatsoever. After years of rebuilding foreign countries, we are finally rebuilding our country, and we are doing it with American aluminum and we are doing it with American steel. We have taken bold action to reduce the cost of prescription drugs. Drug prices are starting to come down.
Drug companies, a number of months ago, were going to raise their prices. I actually called up the heads of Pfizer and Novartis and others. I said you can't do that. You can't raise your prices. And you know what they did? They brought them down, they didn't raise them. And that's when I realized being the president of the United States is a very powerful position.
Of course, I guarantee any other president wouldn't be calling up the drug companies and telling them not to raise their price. And right here in Mississippi, we have opened up new affordable health care plans that are almost 60 percent cheaper than the disaster known as Obamacare. And to help critically ill patients get life-saving treatments, we passed something that I'm very proud of. It's called right to try.
Right to try. Hopefully nobody in this room is going to need it for a long time, but right to try is we have the greatest medicines and doctors in the world, and we never let anybody touch it until it was approved. And it would take many years to get it approved. And these people in many cases are terminally ill.
And what we did is we made it possible for them to have it. You know -- you all know friends, if they had no money, they'd stay home. There was no hope. If they had money, they would go to Asia, they'd go to South America, they'd go to Europe looking for something. We have some incredible drugs and potential cures in the pipeline.
Now they sign a quick paper and they have the right to try. And we've had unbelievable success with some of these drugs. It sounds simple, but years and years they've tried to pass it, and they never got it passed. We also passed veterans choice, giving our great veterans the right to see a private doctor instead of waiting in line for two weeks, four weeks, six weeks, eight weeks, forever.
And the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats our great veterans will be accountable. We'll look at them and we'll say, get the hell out of here, you're fired, get out. These are a lot of the things we've passed. We could go on. I mean, I have a list, literally, that's four pages long.
But I don't want to bore you. We'd just go point after point after point. This has never happened. Nobody has ever done so much in the first two years of a presidency as this administration. Nobody. Nobody. We also just secured $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military, and we gave our great warriors their largest pay raise in more than 10 years.
And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces. It's called the Space Force. Very important. Very, very important. I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal, which was a disaster. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
Together, we've made unbelievable progress and we are just getting started. But we need every last Republican vote in the U.S. Senate. We need 53. We want to get to that 53 number. They don't believe it, but they don't want to talk about it, but that's OK. We have to get 53-47. That will be a wonderful, wonderful day.
So tomorrow is a big day. Tomorrow is a big day. Only with a strong Senate GOP majority can we defend your tax cuts, defend your Second Amendment, protect your Medicare and Social Security, and confirm judges who will interpret the Constitution exactly as written. With your support, we will fight every day to secure the border, stop illegal immigration, pass Kate's laws, end sanctuary cities, end chain migration, cancel the ridiculous visa lottery, and keep the criminal drug dealers and terrorists the hell out of our country.
We will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. For years and years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and proud of America. We are standing up for your values.
We are standing up for Mississippi. We are proudly standing up for our great national anthem. So I am asking every citizen from every party, community, background, race, color, creed, religion, for your support tomorrow, Cindy Hyde-Smith. I need the great people of Mississippi to send a message to cryin' Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, the radical Democrats, by electing Cindy.
We want Cindy tomorrow. This is the greatest political movement in the history of our country. It is. It is. I say it often, they never even challenge me. They hate like hell not to. They challenge things, they challenge everything, every word you say. But this is the greatest political movement in the history of our country.
There's nothing like this. Nothing like this has ever happened. And you still have deep state, but one by one, we're getting them out. You have deep state bad people. You have a lot of phony stuff going on. But you know what? One by one, we're winning. We're winning, winning, winning. Now, there's never been a movement like this.
It's a movement about making government work for the people and answer to the people. It's about reclaiming America's dignity and reawakening America's pride. It's about building a brighter future for every man, woman and child all across this magnificent land. It's about respecting our country. And it's about coming together as one united American family.
We stand on the shoulders of courageous American patriots who secured our independence, linked the railroads, built the highways, dug out the great Panama Canal, went to world wars, put satellites into space, and landed an American astronaut on the face of the moon, and today landed a rocket on Mars. Our ancestors defeated fascism, vanquished communism, delivered millions into freedom, and built the single greatest country and the most powerful military in the history of the world.
We are Americans, and there is no mountain we can't climb, no obstacle we can't reach, and no dream we cannot achieve. Generations of brave Americans did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit home while others tried to erase their legacy and destroy our very proud American heritage.
For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win, win.  We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender.
And we will always fight on to victory. We are one people and one nation and one glorious American destiny. We all share the same home. We all share the same heart. We all salute the same flag. And we are all made by the same almighty God. And together with the incredible people of Mississippi, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
Thank you, Mississippi. Thank you. Thank you.
Not good. We're not happy about it at all. Not at all. We've let our position be known, and we're not happy about it.
Well, Mexico wants to see if they can get it straightened out. But we've, during certain times, as you know, closed the border. They're not coming into the United States. They will not be coming into our country.
Well, we don't like it. I believe they'll be opening up something else. And -- I was very tough. I spoke with her when I heard they were closing. And I said, "You know, this country has done a lot for General Motors. You better get back in there soon. That's Ohio, and you better get back in there soon." So we have a lot of pressure on them.
You have senators, you have a lot of other people -- a lot of pressure. They say the Chevy Cruze is not selling well. I say, "Well, then get somebody -- get a car that is selling well and put it back in." So I think you're going to see something else happen there, but I'm not happy about it. Their car is not selling well.
So they'll put something else -- I have no doubt that, in a not-too-distant future, they'll put something else. They better put something else in.
I've seen it, I've read some of it, and it's fine.
No. No. I don't believe it. And here's the other thing -- you're going to have to have China, and Japan, and all of Asia, and all of these other countries -- you know, it -- it addresses our country. Right now, we're at the cleanest we've ever been, and that's very important to me. But if we're clean but every other place on Earth on is dirty, that's not so good.
So I want clean air. I want clean water. Very important.
They're not. As you know, they're not. They had to use because they were being rushed by some very tough people, and they used tear gas. And here's the bottom line: Nobody is coming into our country unless they come in legally. Go ahead.
Well, I know her. I know her. And I know she apologized and she misspoke. But I will tell you this: I've known her, for a period of time now, as a senator. She's been an excellent senator; she's done a great job. She's somebody that's respected in the Senate. And I'm going there -- I'm going to make, I guess, two rallies, on top of everything else.
So we're going to do two, and I hope you're all coming.
She felt very badly. She certainly didn't mean that. And, you know, it was taken a certain way, but she certainly didn't mean it. And as I understand it, she's already apologized and very strongly.
Yeah, so I'll tell you what. Obama had a separation policy; we all had the same policy.
I tried to do it differently, but Obama had a separation policy. But people don't like to talk about that.
Sounds like a great deal for the EU. And I think we have to do this --
I think we have to take a look at, seriously, whether or not the UK is allowed to trade. Because, you know, right now, if you look at the deal, they may not be able to trade with us, and that wouldn't be a good thing. I don't think they meant that. I don't think that the Prime Minister meant that, and hopefully she'll be able to do something about that.
But, right now, as the deal stands, she may not -- they may not be able to trade with the U.S. And I don't think they want that at all. That would be a very big negative for the deal.
We do not like what's happening either way. We don't like what's happening. And hopefully, it will get straightened out. I know Europe is not -- they are not thrilled. They're working on it too. We're all working on it together.
We didn't. We don't use it on children.
I did. I spoke to her and I expressed the fact that I am not happy with what she did. You know, the United States saved General Motors, and for her to take that company out of Ohio is not good. I think she's going to put something back in soon. That car is not selling. It's a Cruze -- Chevy Cruze. It's not selling.
But hopefully, she's going to come back and she's going to put something. But I told her I'm not happy about it at all.
No, not tariffs. It had nothing to do with tariffs. She said the car was not selling.
I could. I mean, it could happen. We have a good relationship.
Here's what the bottom line is: China has to treat us fairly. They haven't been. They have to treat us fairly. Okay? Thank you.
So we're going now to the southern White House. We have a lot of work we're going to be doing in Florida. We had great -- some really great election results, as you know. Georgia just came in and that was a big success. Florida was a tremendous success with both the governor, Ron DeSantis -- he'll be a great governor -- and the senator, Rick Scott.
And, as you know, Ohio was a great victory. We had a lot of great victories, so we're very happy about that. We put out a statement on Saudi Arabia, which I guess most of you have seen, and we'll see how that all works out. It's a very complex situation. It's a shame, but it's -- it is what it is.
Because it's "America First" for me. It's all about "America First." We're not going to give up hundreds of billions of dollars in orders, and let Russia, China, and everybody else have them. It's all about, for me -- very simple -- it's "America First." Saudi Arabia -- if we broke with them, I think your oil prices would go through the roof.
I've kept them down. They've helped me keep them down. Right now we have low oil prices, or relatively. I'd like to see it go down even lower -- lower. But I think that it's a very simple equation for me. I'm about "Make America Great Again," and I'm about "America First."
No, I'm not saying that at all. If you look at Iran -- just take a look at Iran -- and you look at what they're doing. They are a terrorist nation right now. Although I must tell you, they're a lot better right now than they were when I took office. When I took office, they were heading in a very, very bad direction.
And at some point, things very positive, frankly, could happen with Iran, but we also need a counterbalance. And Israel needs help also. If we abandon Saudi Arabia, it would be a terrible mistake.
I really can't understand what you're saying, sorry.
Well, I have nothing to do with Saudi -- just so you understand, I don't make deals with Saudi Arabia. I don't have money from Saudi Arabia. I have nothing to do with Saudi Arabia. I couldn't care less. And I will tell you, and as most of you know, being President has cost me a fortune, and that's okay with me. I knew that a long time ago.
But being President has cost me a fortune -- a tremendous fortune like you've never seen before, but someday I'll tell you what that is. But -- and I knew that a long time ago because I don't do deals. I don't do -- all I do is focus on this country and making great deals for this country. I don't focus on making on great deals for myself because I don't care anymore.
So, Saudi Arabia has nothing to do with me. What does have to do with me is putting America first.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. They're buying hundreds of billions of dollars' worth of things from this country. If I say we don't want to take your business, if I say we're going to cut it off, they will get the equipment -- military equipment and other things -- from Russia and China. Russia and China would be very, very happy because right now we're doing very well against China.
We're doing very well against everybody, including Russia. And I'm going to keep it that way. And I'm not going to tell a country that is spending hundreds of billions of dollars and has helped me do one thing very importantly -- keep oil prices down so that they're not going to $100 and $150 dollars a barrel.
Right now we have oil prices in great shape. I'm not going to destroy the world economy, and I'm not going to destroy the economy for our country by being foolish with Saudi Arabia. So, I think the statement --
Wait a minute. I think the statement was pretty obvious what I said. It's about "America First."
Just so you understand, early on and for a little period of time, Ivanka did some emails. They weren't classified like Hillary Clinton. They weren't deleted like Hillary Clinton, who deleted 33- -- she wasn't hiring -- she wasn't doing anything to hide her emails. I looked at it just very briefly today, and the presidential records -- they're all in presidential records.
There was no hiding. There was no deleting like Hillary Clinton did. There was no servers in the basement like Hillary Clinton had. You're talking about a whole different -- you're talking about all fake news. So what Ivanka did, it's all in the presidential records. Everything is there. There was no deletion.
There was no nothing. What it is is a false story. Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 emails. She had a server in the basement. That's the real story.
Well, you go the 9th Circuit and it's a disgrace. And I'm going to put in a major complaint because you cannot win -- if you're us -- a case in the 9th Circuit and I think it's a disgrace. When people file -- every case gets filed in the 9th Circuit because they know -- that's not law. That's not what this country stands for.
Every case that gets filed in the 9th Circuit, we get beaten. And then we end up having to go to the Supreme Court, like the travel ban, and we won. The 9th Circuit -- we're going to have to look at that. Because every case, no matter where it is, they file it -- practically, I mean practically -- for all intents and purposes -- they file it in what's called the 9th Circuit.
This was an Obama judge. And I'll tell you what, it's not going to happen like this anymore. Everybody that wants to sue the United States, they file their case in -- almost -- they file their case in the 9th Circuit. And it means an automatic loss no matter what you do, no matter how good your case is. And the 9th Circuit is really something we have to take a look at because it's -- because it's not fair.
People should not be allowed to immediately run to this very friendly circuit and file their case. And you people know better than anybody what's happening. It's a disgrace. In my opinion, it's a disgrace what happens with the 9th Circuit. We will win that case in the Supreme Court of the United States.
I can't hear your question. I can't hear you. Your voice is -- your voice is not --
I don't know about Admiral -- I don't know Admiral McRaven.
No, they're all finished. The written answers are finished.
I don't know. The lawyers have them. I don't know. They will. They will.
The written answers to the witch hunt that's been going on forever -- no collusion, no nothing -- they've been finished. I finished them yesterday. The lawyers have them. I assume they'll turn them in today or soon.
No, I'm going to a warzone. Yeah.
Yeah, the sanctions on Iran are very strong, very powerful. They're sanctions, I think, that have had a tremendous impact. More sanctions are going on. We have a lot of tremendous support. And Iran is not the same country it was when I became President; it's a much different country. And hopefully, at some point, we'll be able to make a fair deal and help Iran and help the people of Iran.
Well, I know that Schumer's daughter works for Facebook, which I just found out today. And if you look at what Facebook has been doing, you know, they have some real explaining to do -- how they're so Democrat-oriented. All of them. But I hear Schumer's daughter works for Facebook. And I was very surprised and disappointed to learn that because nobody knew that until now.
I don't know anything about him. Really, I don't know much about him. I really don't. Go ahead.
I want Pakistan to help us. We're no longer paying $1.3 billion to Pakistan. We're paying them nothing because that's what they've done to help us -- nothing. And I cut those payments off a long time ago. We're not paying Pakistan any money because they're not helping us at all. And we'll see where it all goes.
I hope to have a good relationship with Pakistan, but right now we're paying Pakistan nothing. I cut them off. They were getting $1.3 billion a year. They're not getting anything now.
Oh you -- don't worry about the Thanksgiving -- these are tough people. They know what they're doing and they're great. And they've done a great job. You're so worried about the Thanksgiving holiday for them. They are so proud to be representing our country on the border where -- if you look at what's happening, Mexico -- the people from Tijuana are saying, "Wow, these are tough people.
They're fighting us." They're in fistfights all over the place. These are tough people that are coming in. Now I understand they have 500 people that have been designated as -- let's put it in a nice word -- criminals. And these are the people that are coming in? No. You don't have people coming in. The order today is not -- we can get around that very easily.
What I do say is, 9th Circuit is -- it's very unfair when everybody files their case in the 9th Circuit. They file it for a reason. As far as the troops, they are proud to be on the border. They are proud to be defending our nation. And we're not letting people in. It's called "catch and detain." It's not called "catch and release," like it has been for many years.
For many years, they called it "catch and release." They don't call it that anymore. And our soldiers are doing an incredible job. And if you look at the walls that they're building, and if you look at all the barricades that they're putting up, they've done a great job.
No, I wish him the best of luck. I wish him the best of luck.
No, I think we're doing great. I mean, as a country, we're doing great. Our unemployment is at a record low. You look at all of the different statistics. I think your tech stocks have some problems, but that'll come back. But, no, I think we're going to do very well. I'd like to see the Fed with a lower interest rate.
I think the rate is too high. I think we have much more of a Fed problem than we have a problem with anyone else. We're doing very well with China. China wants to make a deal very badly. They might not say that to you, but they want to make it very badly. I have another 250 billion dollars' worth of tariffs to put on if we don't make a deal.
And, believe me, I'll be putting them on because China has been ripping off our country for many, many years. And they don't rip us off with me. We made a great deal with Canada. We made a great deal with Mexico. I appreciate the help that Mexico is giving us at the border. You see that people are not coming through.
All of the fistfights and the fighting that you see are done on the Mexico side. They're not coming in here. But I appreciate what Mexico is doing. They can do more, but I appreciate what they're doing.
Well, they were preserved. The lawyer told me they're all preserved -- historically, they're preserved.
They didn't make a determination. And it's just like I said, I think it was  -- maybe he did, maybe he didn't. They did not make that assessment. The CIA has looked at it. They've studied it a lot. They have nothing definitive. And the fact is, maybe he did, maybe he didn't. If you look at Iran, what they've done -- they've been a bad actor.
You look at what's happening in Syria with Assad, with hundreds of thousands of people killed. We are with Saudi Arabia. We're staying with Saudi Arabia. And, by the way, just so everybody knows, I have no business whatsoever with Saudi Arabia. Couldn't care less.
No, no. No, no. This is about "America first." They're paying us $400 billion-plus to purchase and invest in our country. That's probably the biggest amount ever paid to the United States -- this is over a long period of time. It means hundreds of thousands of jobs, billions of dollars of investment and product.
And if you think I'm going to let Russia have that money or -- or those -- or those things; if you think I'm going to let China make the military equipment -- hey, China and Russia would love to make 100 billion dollars' worth of military equipment from Saudi Arabia. We have the contracts. They wanted those contracts.
That would be a big, fat, beautiful gift to Russia and to China. They're not going to get that gift. Just so you understand, it's about "Make America Great Again." It's about "America First." We're going to stay with Saudi Arabia. The other thing: Saudi Arabia is probably the second-biggest oil producer.
They've worked with us very well. We've kept oil prices down. If you want to see oil prices go to $150 a barrel -- like, by the way, Russia would love to see that -- all you have to do is break up our relationship with Saudi Arabia.
I don't know that he's going to be there. But if he is, I would.
No, Cindy Hyde-Smith is a spectacular woman. She's a great senator. She came in, she's done a fantastic job in a short period of time. She made a statement which I know that she feels very badly about it, and it was just sort of said in jest, as she said. And she's a tremendous woman. And it's a shame that she has to go through this.
I think she's going to do very well. I really believe she's going to do very well. I've gotten to know her well. She's a person that loves the people of Mississippi, she loves the people of this country. She's going to be a great senator. I'm going to do two events in Mississippi on Monday. I'm doing one near -- let's see, I'm doing one near Jackson.
I'm doing one in the Gulf Coast. And we're going to do one in Tupelo. So we might even do three, but we're going to do two. I think Tupelo probably is definite, and I think Gulfport is definite. Cindy -- Cindy Hyde-Smith is a tremendous woman who truly loves the people of Mississippi and our country, and I think she's going to win, very big.
Oh, Ivanka can handle herself. Ivanka can handle herself. These are all in the historical records. There was no deletion whatsoever, unlike Hillary Clinton, who deleted 33,000 emails; unlike Hillary Clinton, who had a server in the basement. Ivanka didn't. This was just early on, when she came in. These calls were not classified, unlike Hillary Clinton's calls, which were classified.
I love the pardons for the turkey.
I haven't thought of it, but it's not a bad thing.
No, I think what Assad has done is horrible. I mean, really horrible.
It's called "Person of the Year," right?
It's no longer "Man of the Year," right?
I don't know. That's up to Time Magazine. I've been there before. I can't imagine anybody else other than Trump. Can you imagine anybody other than Trump? Huh? Have a good time, everybody. Thank you.  This country has to get back together today. You saw the polls that came out. The polls are negative now on it. It's just a disgrace.
Honestly, it's a disgrace .
He's doing a very good job. Everybody tells me that Matt Whitaker is doing a fantastic job. So, you know, we'll have to see where everything goes. But everybody tells me he's doing a fantastic job.
What else? Thank you, everybody.
Hey everybody. So we're going to California. We're making two stops. We're going to the two areas that you know very well. And it's a shame; it seems that many more people are missing than anyone thought even possible. And I want to be with the firefighters and the FEMA and first responders. We'll be spending a lot of time.
We'll be coming back here -- probably landing at four o'clock in the morning or something like that. But we want to spend a lot of time. We want to discuss many things. I'm meeting with the governor and the new governor -- and governor-elect. So we have a lot of things to talk about. We will be talking about forest management.
I've been saying that for a long time. And this could have been a lot different situation. But the one thing is that everybody now knows that this is what we have to be doing, and there's no question about it. It should have been done many years ago, but I think everybody is on the right side. It's a big issue.
It's a big issue. A very expensive issue, but very, very inexpensive when you compare it to even one of these horrible fires. And it will save a lot of lives, in addition to a lot of money. So we'll be out there talking to the governors, talking to the first responders and FEMA. They have been incredible.
The firefighters have been unbelievably brave. Some of the stories I've read last night -- unbelievably brave. Okay?
Well, we haven't been briefed yet. The CIA is going to be speaking to me today. We have not been briefed yet. As of this moment, we were told that he did not play a role. We're going to have to find out what they have to say.
No, we do that next week. They're all done.
Well, we're taking a look at it. You know, we also have a great ally in Saudi Arabia. They give us a lot of jobs. They give us a lot of business, a lot of economic development. They are -- they have been a truly spectacular ally in terms of jobs and economic development. And I also take that -- you know, I'm President; I have to take a lot of things into consideration.
So we will be talking with the CIA later and lots of others. I'll be doing that while I'm on the plane. I'll be speaking also with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.
We have not been talking, no. We haven't. We have not been talking about it. We'll see.
No, it's not under consideration. We are looking -- always looking. And whatever we can do for Turkey and, frankly, countries that we get along with very well -- we're having a good moment with Turkey. As you know, he gave Pastor Brunson back last week, and we appreciate that. We are doing very well with Turkey.
I get along very, very well with the President. He's a friend of mine. He's a strong man, he's a tough man, and he's a smart man. But he's a friend of mine. And whatever we can do, we'll do. But -- and that is something that we're always looking at. But at this point, no.
We haven't even talked about it.
Yeah, we have a tremendous military force on the -- on the border -- on the southern border. We have large numbers of people trying to get into our country. I must say, the reason it's increased so much is because we're doing so well, as opposed to the rest of the world. And if you look at south of our border, it's not doing so well.
But regardless, we have millions of people on line to get into our country legally, and those people have preference. They have to have preference. They've been waiting for a long time. They've done it legally. So we have a lot of things happening, but we have a great military force on the southern border.
We're not letting people into our country illegally. And we're not doing a release. We'll do a catch, but we're not doing releases. So if they think they're going to be released into our country like in the old days -- like for years and years, they catch and release -- we're not releasing. They don't get released.
As long as necessary. They built great fencing. They built a very powerful fence -- a different kind of a fence. It's been very powerful. The fence is fully manned. Nobody gets through. And when they're caught, they're not released. And it's very interesting -- I said it this morning -- they come up and they're talking about all their great fear, all their problems with their country, but they're all waving their country's flag.
What is that all about? If they have such fear and such problems and they hate their country, why do we see all the flags being waved for Guatemala, for Honduras, for El Salvador? We're seeing flags all over the place. Why are they waving flags? This has nothing to do with asylum; this has to do with getting into our country illegally.
And we have to know who wants to come into our country. Okay.
No, I don't question his loyalty at all. He's a 100 percent loyal. This is a phony story. I doubt they had any sources. A typical New York Times phony story. Mike Pence is 100 percent. Not even a doubt of that entered my mind. He's been a trooper. He's been with me from -- as soon as I won the primaries.
I mean, he was the one I chose, and I could not be happier. And I don't question his loyalty at all. He's already been tested, in many ways. Mike Pence is a terrific person. That was a phony story written by the New York Times who, by the way, never called me for a comment. How do you do a story like that?
See, it's fake news. And that's what breaks up the country. Fake news. How do you do a story like that and you don't call the principal? I would give them a quote. I would say it's not true and that's the end of their story. But they don't do that. They write and then they make up sources. They may speak to one person, but they make up phony sources.
They make -- like you write a novel. Have you ever written a novel? That's the way a lot of the news stories -- you look, that's why I call it "fake news." It's fake. And it's a very bad thing for our country. It's very dangerous. Mike Pence is 100 percent. They should retract that story. But you can't do that story without calling me for a quote.
Or you could call Sarah Huckabee, and say, "Can I get a quote?" And here she is. "Can I get a quote from the President?" I would be happy to give a quote. I would be happy. And you know what the quote would be? "Mike Pence is 100 percent." Now you can't do your story. So that's why they don't like calling me for a quote.
I would help Nancy Pelosi if she needs the votes. She may need some votes. I will perform a wonderful service for her. I like her. Can you believe it? I like Nancy Pelosi. I mean, she's tough and she's smart. But she deserves to be Speaker. And now they're playing games with her just like they'll be playing with me with -- it's called "presidential harassment." The President of your country is doing a great job, but he's being harassed.
It's presidential harassment. Well, in a way, her own party is harassing her because nobody else should be Speaker. Now, that doesn't mean for a hundred years. But definitely, they should start off with Nancy Pelosi as Speaker. And I already have a lot of votes. If she needs any votes, if she asks me, I will give her the votes to put her over the top.
Well, I saw Tom Reed as an example. He's a fine man -- a congressman. I would call him a moderate. I'm not saying I can get them from the super conservative side, but maybe I even get them from there. But I don't imagine she would need too many, but whatever number of votes she needs -- if it's 50, or 10, or 2, or 1 -- she's got them from me, automatic.
So tell her opposition they're wasting their time.
We're talking about the boarding wall -- the border wall. We're talking about quite a big sum of money, about $5 billion. And I think, probably, if I were ever going to do a shutdown over border security -- when you look at the caravan, when you look at the mess, when you look at the people coming in -- this would be a very good time to do a shutdown.
I don't think it's going to be necessary because I think the Democrats will come to their senses. And they don't come to their senses, we will continue to win elections. You know, we won the Senate. You do recognize, right? That means all the judges that I'm getting approved will now be easier because we actually pick up -- which is a start -- we picked up two seats in the Senate.
We went from 51-49 to 53-47. That's a tremendous difference. And these are senators I really like. That's also a difference. Thank you all very much. Thank you.
I have very close to made a decision on U.N. Ambassador. On Attorney General: No, we haven't. But I will tell you, until that decision is made, we have a great gentleman in Matt Whitaker. And everybody tells me he's doing a fantastic job.
I'd consider Pam Bondi for anything, but right now we -- I know her very well. In the meantime, she's got a very good job. She's doing a very good job. She's always done a very good job. But at some form -- in some form, I'd love to have her in the administration. But we have great people. You know, we have tremendous people -- our Cabinet.
I'm very happy. Now will I make adjustment? Yes. But we have a great Cabinet. You take a look at what we're doing with the military. Very happy with Secretary of Defense, by the way. Jim Mattis is doing a great job. Mike Pompeo is doing a great job. We have a truly great Cabinet. I could go through every one of them, but then you might be able to figure out the one or two that I'm a little bit less happy with.
That wouldn't be good. Okay, thank you. I'll see you California. Thank you.
We're going to be looking at everything. Thank you.
So we just met with the families of the victims and the first responders, and we met with the police, law enforcement, incredible people. And, the families., what can you say other than it's so... it's so sad to see. These are great people. Great families. They're torn apart. It's tragic... it was a tragic event.
We met with some police officers, as you know, these are very brave people to do what they did, and we just hugged them and we kissed them and everybody, and... it was very warm. It was very warm. It's a safe community. It's supposed to be one of the safest communities, and yet, something like that happened. Very sad. But it was tragic, and yet in one way it was a very beautiful moment.
I was with the parents of a young, very young supporter, a young supporter, wearing a Trump shirt and just a terrific young man. So it was a tough thing to do. This has been a tough day, when you look at all of the the death from one place to the next, and then we leave from here.
That was a tragic event that took place. I want to thank you. You stayed with us. This is a long day for you also. I just felt this is something we had to do, and I'm very glad we did it. Thank you. Thank you.
It is a very tough situation. We're working on a lots of different things. It's been going on for a long time. It's been going on, I guess, in many respects, far longer than people want to talk about. But it's a -- a very sad thing to see. Thank you all very much. I'll see you up here.
So we're heading off to Europe. It should be a very beautiful period of time -- the 100th anniversary of the ending of World War I. We have many countries; the leadership of many countries will be there, especially since they heard the United States will be there. And we look forward to that. It'll be a great, really, commemorative service. I think it's going to be something very special. I've seen what they have planned, and I think it's going to be something very, very special.
I just signed the proclamation on asylum. Very important. People can come in, but they have to come in through the ports of entry. And that, to me, is a very important thing. Again, I reiterate we needs Democrats' votes. They have to pass new immigration laws, because they're flooding our country. We're not letting them in, but they're trying to flood our country.
We need the wall; we're building the wall. But we need it all built at one time, and quickly. It's very important. We need Democrat support on new immigration laws to bring us up to date. The laws are obsolete and they're incompetent. They are the worst laws any country has anywhere in the world. And it's only because we don't have the Democrats' votes.
So we need Democrat vote so we can change immigration, and we'll have no trouble whatsoever at the border. We want people to come into our country, but they have to come into our country legally. They have to come into our country legally. We want people to come in through the merit system so that they can work for all of these great companies that I have coming into our country.
We have many car companies coming in. We have many tech companies coming in. We have literally hundreds of companies moving back into the United States. We need people. We need to have -- you see the unemployment numbers are at record lows. We need people in our country, but they have to come in legally, and they have to have merit.
They have to come in through a system of merit. We have everything worked out. We need some votes from the Democrats, or we need support from the Democrats, and hopefully they see what's going on. And the reason this is happening is we've created such a successful country, economically, that everybody is flooding into our country, or they want to. But we're stopping them at the border.
And that's why we have our great military there.
Well, Matt Whitaker -- I don't know Matt Whitaker. Matt Whitaker worked for Jeff Sessions, and he was always extremely highly thought of, and he still is. But I didn't know Matt Whitaker. He worked for Attorney General Sessions. He was very, very highly thought of, and still is highly thought of. But this only comes up because anybody that works for me, they do a number on them.
But Matt Whitaker is a very smart man. He is a very respected man in the law enforcement community. Very respected; at the top of the line. And actually, the choice was greeted with raves, initially, and it still is in some circles. You know, it's a shame that no matter who I put in, they go after them. It's very sad, I have to say.
But he's Acting. I think he'll do a very good job. And we'll see what happens. But I will say this: Matt Whitaker is a very highly respected man, and you didn't have any problems with Matt Whitaker when he worked for Jeff Sessions. He's respected by law enforcement. He's a very strong law enforcement personality and person.
I didn't speak to Matt Whitaker about it. I don't know Matt Whitaker. Matt Whitaker has a great reputation, and that's what I wanted. I also wanted to do something which, frankly, I could have brought somebody very easily from the outside. I didn't want to do that. When Sessions left, what I did, very simply, is take a man who worked for Sessions.
Again, he worked for Jeff Sessions. He's a highly respected man, especially by law enforcement. And I think he's going to do a great job. He's there in an acting position. He's a -- probably, from what I hear -- a very strong person, a very strong personality. And I think that's what they need.
You mean Mr. Kellyanne Conway?
He's just trying to get publicity for himself. Why don't you do this: Why don't you ask Kellyanne that question, all right? She might know him better than me. I really don't know the guy.
Well, when you make a comment --
First of all -- let me speak, please. First of all, when you make comments, I see everybody on television -- all these lawyers, all these law enforcement people making comment after comment. They never ask to get recused. They make comment. The fact that you go on Fox or CNN or MSNBC or anybody, and you make a comment, you'd have nobody left to choose.
You would have absolutely nobody left. I see different people, at different times, going on shows. Am I supposed to say, "Oh, now he's never qualified to serve in government?" So, all the time I'm watching many different people go on many different shows, saying many different things. That doesn't mean they're unqualified.
Now, in all fairness to Matt Whitaker, who, again, I didn't know -- okay? -- other than through reputation. His reputation is excellent. But in all fairness to him, he did some shows; so did many of the people that you're talking about. So did everybody that -- you're talking about a permanent position. I think everybody looking at a permanent position, in any department, has done many shows.
Does that mean we can't hire anybody? We have to hire somebody that's in a shell? I don't think so.
Say it again. You have to speak up.
Well, it could be. Because if you look at Broward -- and Palm Beach, to a lesser extent -- if you look at Broward County, they have had a horrible history. And if you look at the person -- in this case, a woman -- involved, she has had a horrible history. And all of a sudden, they're finding votes out of nowhere.
And Rick Scott, who won by -- you know, it was close, but he won by a comfortable margin -- every couple of hours it goes down a little bit. And then you see the people, and they were involved with that fraud of the fake dossier, the phony dossier. And I guess I hear they were somehow involved or worked with the GPS Fusion people, who have committed -- I mean, if you look at what they've done, you look at the dishonesty -- Look, look, there's -- bad things have gone on in Broward County.
Really bad things. She's been to court. She's had a lot of problems. She's lost. I say this: He easily won, but every hour it seems to be going down. I think that people have to look at it very, very cautiously.
I haven't ruled out anything. I haven't even thought about it. I'm thinking about the world. Right now, I'm thinking about the world. I'm not thinking about sit-downs or not sit-downs. There was no collusion. It's a whole hoax. This was a thing set up by the Democrats, just like they set up other things -- when you look at what's going on Florida; when you look at what's going on in lots of different locations.
The Russian investigation is a hoax. It's a phony hoax. I didn't speak to Russians. The fact is, I was a much better candidate than Hillary Clinton. I worked much harder. I went to the right places. She went to the wrong places, because she didn't know what the hell she was doing. I did a great job; I was a great candidate.
She was a bad candidate. I went to Wisconsin. I went more to Michigan. I went to Pennsylvania. She didn't do a good job. This has nothing to do with Russians; it's a Russian hoax.
Oh, Michelle Obama said that? I haven't seen it. I guess she wrote a book. She got paid a lot of money to write a book. And they always insist that you come up with controversial. Well, I'll give you a little controversy back: I'll never forgive him for what he did to our United States military by not funding it properly.
It was depleted. Everything was old and tired. And I came in, and I had to fix it. And I'm in the process of spending tremendous amounts of money. So I'll never forgive him for what he did to our military. I'll never forgive him for what he did in many other ways, which I'll talk to you about in the future.
But what he did -- because she talked about safety -- what he did to our military made this country very unsafe for you and you and you.
Well, we're looking at other people. I did not see Chris Christie yesterday. I heard he was in the White House. He's a friend of mine. He's a good man. When he got out of the presidential race, as you know, the next day he supported me. He has good taste. So he proved one thing: He has good taste. But when he got out, he immediately supported me. I like Chris Christie, but I have not talked to him about it. He was in the White House yesterday, but I did not see him.
I think Jim Acosta is a very unprofessional man. He does this with everybody. He gets paid to do that. You know, he gets paid to burst in. He's a very unprofessional guy. Whether it was me or Ronald Reagan or anybody else, he would have done the same thing. Look, I don't think he's a smart person, but he's got a loud voice.
Wait, wait. David, do you mind if I answer the question?
And as far as I'm concerned, I haven't made that decision. But it could be others also. When you're in the White House -- this is a very sacred place to me. This is a very special place. You have to treat the White House with respect. You have to treat the presidency with respect. If you've ever seen him dealing with Sarah Huckabee Sanders, it's a disgrace.
And he does it for, you know, the reason. The same thing with April Ryan. I watched her get up. I mean, you talk about somebody that's a loser. She doesn't know what the hell she's doing. She gets publicity, and then she gets a pay raise or she gets a contract with, I think, CNN. But she's very nasty, and she shouldn't be. She shouldn't be. You've got to treat the White House and the Office of the Presidency with respect.
I see her nodding very positively, so I'll ask her -- you know.
You have to speak up, though. You have a helicopter raging back -- For all the people that don't know why, my hearing is great, but you have a helicopter that's raging back there.
In fact, do you remember Ronald Reagan? He'd always, "What? What? I can't hear you." I never -- I always thought he was hard of hearing; he wasn't. That's the problem.
Well, I'll meet with Putin at the G20. I don't know that we're seeing each other in Paris, but there may be a lunch for the leaders. I don't know. So I would say, nothing. We have a good relationship. Having a good relationship with Russia and China, and every other country, is a good thing, not a bad thing.
But we have a good -- we have a very good relationship.
No. I'm going to look into any complaints. David, if there are any complaints, I'll look into it.
Well, it was a political decision made by a judge. I think it's a disgrace. It's 48,000 jobs. I approved it; it's ready to start. And they went -- and I guess they'll end up going to the Ninth Circuit, as usual. We're slowly putting new judges in the Ninth Circuit. Everything goes to the Ninth Circuit. Everything.
Now, DACA, that was actually good news yesterday, because you never win in the Ninth Circuit if you're on this half of the equation. When I say "half," it could be half or more. But you never win; you rarely win in the Ninth Circuit. The good news is, by rejecting DACA in the Ninth Circuit yesterday, finally we've been waiting for that.
We get to the Supreme Court, and we want to be in the Supreme Court on DACA. President Obama said he had no right to sign it. He had no right, but it was upheld in the Ninth Circuit, as usual. If you take President Obama's statement, he knew that he couldn't sign it. So this whole thing, it's a terrible thing what's happening with the courts.
The DACA will now hopefully go to the Supreme Court, where we'll be given a fair decision.
We'll be making a decision. I have so many people who want it. We are looking at Heather. We're looking at numerous people. We have plenty of time. Nikki is staying until the end of the year. We're working with Nikki, also. We have some very good people that want that job. I'll make the decision over the next few weeks, but by the end of the year.
Well, I have some very, very good people. But, I mean, there's no rush. You know, it has to go through a Senate process, which takes a long time. But we'll pick somebody that's great. We're going to pick somebody that's very good. And again, I think it's very -- Matt Whitaker is a highly respected man, but I didn't know Matt Whitaker.
But he's a highly respected man.
Yeah, but neither has Mueller.
Excuse me. You talk about the Senate process. Mueller is doing a report. He hasn't gone through the Senate process. You're saying Whitaker hasn't, but Whitaker has. Wait a minute. Because he was a really distinguished U.S. attorney in Iowa, and he was approved by everybody. Because to be U.S. attorney, that's top of the line.
He was a highly respected. In fact, I'll tell you, the Ambassador to China, as you know, Terry Branstad -- who used to the be the governor of Iowa -- he told me that what a great choice that is; that he is one of the most respected people in all of Iowa. And that was coming from Terry Branstad, who was the governor.
Look, Mueller -- a big complaint people have -- Mueller was not Senate confirmed. So he's doing a report. He wasn't Senate confirmed. Whitaker was Senate confirmed. Now, he doesn't need this, but he was Senate confirmed at the highest level, when he was the U.S. attorney from Iowa. But Mueller was not Senate confirmed.
Why didn't they get him Senate confirmed? He should have been Senate confirmed. No -- but because of all the conflicts, they didn't want to bring him before the Senate because he's very conflicted. So because of those conflicts, they didn't want to bring him before the Senate. But don't tell me about Whitaker.
Don't tell me about Whitaker, because Mueller was not Senate confirmed, and Whitaker was, actually.
It doesn't -- whether they get a couple of more House seats, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. But you notice the votes never go the other way? They hire lawyers, and the votes don't ever seem to go the Republican way -- although I hear --
Well, I don't know, you tell me. It's always the Democrats. It's always GPS Fusion. It's always crooked stuff.
Look -- look at what happened. How many FBI are gone? How many Justice Department people are gone? That I found out -- that I found out. There's a lot of bad stuff going on in this country, and we're finding out, and I'm getting to the bottom of it. And I've done a hell of a job. How many people have been fired from the FBI?
You got Comey, you got McCabe, you got Strzok, you have Lisa Page, you have Baker. You have a whole list of people. There's a lot of crooked stuff going on. But it is interesting; it always seems to go the way of the Democrats. Now, in Arizona, all of a sudden, out of the wilderness, they find a lot of votes.
And she's -- the other candidate is just winning by a hair. What's going on in a Florida is a disgrace. Go down and see what happened over the last period of time -- 10 years. Take a look at Broward. Take a look at the total dishonesty of what happened with respect to Broward County. Broward County -- just  -- Broward County/election.
What are you talking about? All that was --
Nobody manipulated it. Give me a break. See, that's just dishonest reporting. All that is, is a close-up. See, that's just -- that is just dishonest reporting. I watched that; I heard that last night. They made it close up. They showed it up close up. And he was not nice to that young woman. I don't hold him for that because it wasn't overly, you know, horrible.
But it was -- but all that was -- when you say "doctored," you're a dishonest guy. Because it wasn't doctored. They gave a close-up view. That's not doctoring.
No, I wish her well. She said something very inappropriate during the campaign, but she apologized for it. I wouldn't say she's exactly on my side, but I wish her well. I hope she gets better. And I hope she serves on the Supreme Court for many, many years.
He's a very sick -- well, it's a mental health problem. He is a very sick puppy. He was a very, very sick guy. Not too many people knew about it. But now that they're looking, they're starting to see he had a lot of problems, a lot of trouble. And we're very much into that. As you know, I funded a lot of money toward mental health for that reason.
And we're continuing to do it, and we continue to look at the laws. We want to make sure -- look, it is a problem. It's a disastrous problem. It makes you sick to look at it. But he was a very, very mentally ill person.
Well, he was a war veteran. He was a Marine; he was in the war. He served time. He saw some pretty bad things. And a lot of people say he had the PTSD. And that's a tough deal. We're spending -- as you know, I've given tremendous funding to the vets for the PTSD and for general health for PTSD. It's a big problem.
People come back. That's why it's a horrible thing. They come back, and they're never the same.
Well, I don't like abusing any privilege, but when I see something that we should do, I always do that. Yeah, I always do that. I believe you should. When somebody -- when it's a worthy situation, I do believe it.
What a stupid question that is. What a stupid question. But I watch you a lot. You ask a lot of stupid questions.
We're working. Well, because other things have come up, and we will be signing it soon.
No, no, no. Oh, we're signing it. We're doing it. And it'll probably work its way up to the Supreme Court. Birthright citizenship probably works its way up to the Supreme Court. It will be signed. We wanted a perfect document. And because of the election and all of the delays in the election, and whatever is going on in Broward County -- remember the word, "Broward County."
Wait. Well, you take a look at the past. Take a look at the past.
And all of a sudden, they're finding votes? You mean after the election, they're finding votes? And then you look at her past, where she's already been convicted, and now they're finding votes.
And you have this guy, Elias, who represented Hillary Clinton and a lot of very shady things. I think what you ought to do is get smart.Good luck, folks. I'll see you in Europe.
Hello, Indiana. It is great to be in Indiana. We had a big victory here not so long ago. Big, big victory. Big one. A big one. And I'm thrilled to be back in the heartland. And you want to see something special? Take a look outside at the thousands and thousands of people that wanted to get inside. You got lucky.
You got lucky. This is an incredible time for America. Jobs are soaring, wages are rising, optimism is skyrocketing, and more Americans are working today than ever before in our history. Tomorrow the people of Indiana are going to send Mike Braun to the U.S. Senate to keep America's economic boom surging full speed ahead.
He's a great guy, very successful guy, wonderful guy. Nobody knows, he went to Harvard Business School and did well. I shouldn't mention Harvard, but I have to, because at least it shows he has very high aptitude tests, right? And that's -- you know, that's OK. That's a good thing. He's a smart guy, and he's a great guy.
And he loves the people of Indiana. He loves Indiana, Mike Braun. Republicans have created the best economy in the history of our country. This is the single best economy in the history of our great country. And it's the hottest jobs market on the planet Earth, but everything we have achieved is at stake tomorrow, everything, because they can take it apart just as fast as we built it. But I don't think that's going happen based on what I'm seeing all over the place.
If the radical Democrats take power, they will take a wrecking ball to our economy and to the future of our country. When you enter the voting booth on Tuesday, you will be making a simple choice. A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Democrats is a vote to bring this economic boom crashing down very rapidly.
The Democrat agenda will deliver a socialist nightmare. It's what it is. The Republican agenda is delivering the American dream -- optimism, the American dream. In the last month alone, we added another 250,000 brand-new jobs. They couldn't believe it, the fake news media, they were very upset. They were very upset, very, very -- they were very upset when they saw those numbers.
And it couldn't have come at a better time, Friday, what a beautiful time. Election on Tuesday, comes on Friday. And by the way, that's despite those numbers, two unbelievably powerful vicious hurricanes which always devastate job numbers, despite that, 250,000 new jobs. The unemployment rate is now at the lowest level in more than 50 -- five-oh -- 50 years.
We have created 4.5 million new jobs since Election Day. Oh, wasn't that a nice day? Remember that? Was that a nice day? Oh, that beautiful November day. We had a lot of happy -- were you all happy on that particular day? Well, they were among the highest ratings in the history of television. That still didn't make them happy.
They were miserable. That's the only time they got great ratings, and they felt badly about it. And we've lifted 4.3 million Americans off of food stamps. African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment have all reached the lowest levels in the history of our country. And we passed -- despite the fact that it was said it could not be done -- a massive tax cut, largest in history, for Indiana workers, for the entire country.
And we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class. And to protect your rights and freedoms, we overcame the Democrat smear campaign and confirmed the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. And just in case you haven't seen it, one of his accusers came out on Friday and said she never met him, he didn't do the horrible thing that she said, she never met him, it didn't happen, she was lying.
She was lying. It was a false accusation. It was a false statement. A disgrace. And I remember -- I remember when that phony statement came out, a lot of people were saying he must immediately abandon, he must -- and do you know what, for 10 years, everybody said Brett Kavanaugh -- I didn't know who he was.
But for 10 years, the intellect, the scholastic ability, the legal genius. I was hearing his name for years, that they said he'll be on the Supreme Court. I said, who is he? Who is he? But I'd hear it for years. And think of that. This woman came out and said she made up the story.  And they got to look at the other ones, also, folks, because take a look at the other ones, folks.
You know, when I gave him -- gave him a little phone call, could I meet you? I met him at the White House. Really clean-cut, nice guy. I said, Judge -- at that time, he was judge, had an incredible record. Not a problem in his whole life. Best student, Yale, Yale Law School, best marks, best everything. Right?
Never problem, perfect family, beautiful, great kids, wife, everything perfect. I said, Judge, I want to nominate you for the United States Supreme Court. And he said, sir, this is the greatest honor of my life. We shook hands. And I said, Judge, let me just tell you, this is going to be a piece of cake.
You are so good. Your academic record, your record at home, your record in every way. You are going to go through so fast, it's going to be so easy. And he said, thank you. And then he sat down and a lot of bad things started being said. And I'll tell you what -- it was, I'll tell you what, it was a disgrace.
One guy, you know who that is? The great Vietnam hero, right? Great Vietnam hero. Right? You know all about that, except he never went to Vietnam.  And he stood up and he said, I don't want any lies, I only want the truth. This guy lied for 15 years about his -- Da Nang, right?
Da Nang province. When I was climbing up the hill with Da Nang, I was climbing up the hill. And my soldiers were going down left and right. He never saw Vietnam. He was in the Reserves. Not bad, Reserves. He never saw Vietnam. He was climbing up the hill. Bullets left and right. My buddies going down. And then he wants honesty.
This is the crap we have to put up with? Then you have Dianne Feinstein. Dianne Feinstein. Right? Todd Young's friend. Senator Cornyn of Texas looked at her, said, did you leak? And she got scared. You know, he's a pretty tough guy, right, Tom? Really, I mean, this was unbelievable. Did you leak? Senator Cornyn, did you leak?
And she goes, uh, what? Did you leak? Did we leak? We went through this. The worst body language any human being has ever used or seen. In other words, she leaked. She leaked. And that's just the beginning. What they did is a disgrace. Oh no. Are they good ones or bad ones? Good or bad? Good or bad? Hey, look at the cameras, everybody.
They're finally turned. Look. They're finally turned! They're finally turned!  The cameras turned like a pretzel. Did you see that? They had no angle, but they won't turn to show these huge crowds. They never want to show the crowds. You have to see. You have to see. I just left Ohio.
You want to see? It was incredible. This is incredible. Outside is even more incredible, because it's more people. But they never show it. They keep it right trained on my face, which I don't like, and about five people behind me. Somebody there is going to be a star. I don't know who it is. You may have better seats, but you know what?
Honestly, somebody is going to be very famous back there. But they don't show the crowds. Could you spin the cameras around, please, and show the crowd? Come on. They don't turn them. Look. They don't turn them because they're fake news. They're fake news. They don't turn them. They're fake news. They never turn them.
My wife always says, how was the crowd? I say, didn't you see it? No, they kept it right on your face. They never move your face. They never -- and they do that because they don't want people to see how big the crowd is. They don't want that. Now, President Obama, he had... No, he was in Miami or someplace.
And in the big basketball arena that seats 18,000 people, he had 1,000 people. Seriously. And not person that I saw reported that. If I had one empty seat right up in that corner, right there, hello, folks, right there, if there was an empty seat, that would be a front-page story that we're not drawing the crowds anymore.
Right, Coach? Hey, Coach. No, they don't turn the camera. In fact, the first time -- that's about the first protester I've seen in a long time. And it's the first time I've seen the cameras like pretzels, boom, right up into that. Because you see, they think that's a bad thing for us to have a protester.
And tomorrow you will have on television protests. Was it one person or two? It was one person. The contrast in this election could not be more clear. By the way, is there anything like a Trump rally? Governor!  Democrats produce mobs. That's what they're doing. But we're winning. Republicans produce jobs.
Very simple. Very simple. A vote for any Democrat tomorrow is a vote to hand over power to cryin' Chuck Schumer. You know cryin' Chuck, right? Remember when he... He never cried before. I've known him a long time. I never saw him cry, but that was an appropriate moment. Right on schedule. Nancy Pelosi. The legendary Maxine Waters, a real genius.
And their extreme job-killing agenda. That's what it's for. They want to raise your taxes, the Democrats do, restore crippling regulations, shut down your new steel mills, take away your health care, and put illegal aliens before American citizens. That's what they want. Democrats are inviting caravan after caravan of illegal aliens to pour into our country, overwhelming your schools, your hospitals, and your communities.
If you want more caravans, if you want more crime, vote Democrat tomorrow. If you want strong borders -- you see what we're doing, we got the worst laws because they won't give us the votes. If you want strong borders and safe communities, no drugs, no caravans, vote Republican. Get him out of here, please.
Get him out. Out! Out! Go home to Mommy. Go home to Mommy. Oh, look at the cameras. Look, the cameras are right on him. The cameras are right on him, folks. All right. Can we have our law enforcement take him out of here, please? You know, the funny thing about this stuff, though? There's a guy who's a weak person with a weak voice.
Nobody hears him. But our guys are all going crazy, like this. Our guys, actually, right? They're disturbed, but it's what -- that's OK. We love our guys. What can we do? We love them. We're thrilled to be joined tonight, and he just spoke a little while ago, but he's been a friend of mine for a long time, an American football legend who truly knows winning, my friend, Coach Lou Holtz.
Lou, thank you. Lou. Lou. What a coach. And what a great guy he is, too. Thank you, Lou. We're also grateful to be joined by many terrific Indiana Republicans, including a man that has done an excellent job. You know, he followed a very tough act, Vice President Mike Pence, right? Very tough act. And he has done a phenomenal job.
In fact, Mike was telling me what a great job Governor Eric Holcomb has done. And we also have here someplace, it's tough to find him -- boy, it's tough -- they should tell me, like, where are they -- look at this place, I'm supposed to find somebody. A great person, a friend of mine, helped us so much in every single thing we passed, and nobody's done better than we have in the first two years of office, that I can tell you.
Senator Todd Young. There he is. Great person. Hard worker. Hard worker and a winner. Thank you. Thank you, Todd. Great job. And also Congressman Jim Banks. Big help. Thank you, Jim. They're great people. They've helped us with a lot. If you don't want to be saying the words, "Ladies and gentlemen, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi," for the next two years... ... you got to get out tomorrow and you have to get out.
You got to get -- Jim, are you ready? You've got to get out, vote for Jim, vote for all of those great congressmen. Vote for all of those great congressmen and women. They have great congressmen and women. And again, something's going on, folks. Something's going on. Let's see. Maybe I'm wrong. There was something going on two years ago.
There was something going on, and I felt it. And I feel it again. So I want to introduce three people that probably you've heard of. And, you know, I just left Ohio, and I said, I will never imagine the word beautiful when referring to a woman. I will never do it. No man in this room will ever again say a woman is beautiful, right, because it's not politically correct.
But I have a daughter who's very smart. Her name is Ivanka. And she's here. Ivanka, come up.
And she's a very nice person, I can tell you. And very smart. She went to the Wharton School of Finance, and they say she was very, very smart.  Are you ready? He goes "and beautiful." No, I don't say that. Don't ever say that. I have two other great women with me. You've never heard of them.
They're very shy and retiring. They want to keep it that way. Kellyanne Conway and Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
So I just saw them standing there, and I said, let's get them up here, right? That's good. That was a good job. But it is true. I didn't say it in a long time. They used to say -- I remember, I was in New Hampshire making a speech. And they had people -- it was like 25 degrees below zero, they're freezing.
They were there for 24 hours. Their clothing, I don't know who makes it, but it must be the greatest in the world, right? And then the media was saying, yes, they waited for 24 hours in subzero temperature, but will they vote? To take -- the vote took about 15 seconds, right? Will they vote? The answer is, they voted in New Hampshire.
They voted all over. And here we are, folks. Here we are. Tomorrow, the people of Indiana are going to elect an outstanding man. He will be a great new senator to work along with Todd. A vote for Mike Braun is a vote to keep your jobs going, to keep your wages going up, and to take care once and for all -- and we've done a really good job for it. You look at the Wall Street Journal today, their editorial, they say we haven't gotten the credit for what we've done to health care, including, by the way, getting rid of the worst part of Obamacare, the individual mandate.
We're taking care of health care. It's a vote to keep your family safe and to keep criminals, traffickers, and drug dealers the hell out of our country. We want them out. Mike's opponent is an extreme liberal Democrat named Joe Donnelly. Now... He's gone rogue on the Democrats. He's gone rogue because now he likes Trump a lot.
He loves my border policy. They got to come in through a process. They got to come in legally. I don't know if he said the wall yet, but he will be saying that pretty soon, I suspect, Todd, right? And all of a sudden, he's talking about what we've been talking about. Now here's the problem. There's one problem.
We'll have the election tomorrow, and on Wednesday, he'll be totally against us. He'll never vote for us. He will never, ever vote for us. That's what's the problem. A number of them, I'm popular in a lot of states, can you believe this? Really popular. I mean, we won -- we won states by more than 42 points, can you believe it? So when you guys think you're doing well, I did well in a lot of -- and all of a sudden, we see these senators veering to almost exactly my words.
I say, did they turn Republican? But what they do is, on Wednesday, they go back to who they are. And we'll never get a vote from Joe Donnelly. When we come in with the health care, when we come in with whatever we want, we will never -- because it's obstruction. Their whole campaign is named resist. Right?
Resist. We don't want to resist. We want to get things done. We want the opposite. So a vote for Joe is a vote to put Schumer in charge of the Senate and to put Dianne Feinstein in charge of Senate Judiciary Committee. Remember, Joe Donnelly voted against your tax cuts. And he joined the Democrat mob in voting against Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
You know that. Despite what he's saying this week, just happened. I was surprised, but not that surprised. Donnelly also supports open borders. He voted to give free welfare to illegal aliens. And he sponsored Dianne Feinstein's bill to expand catch-and-release. Joe Donnelly was rated the least effective Democrat in the entire United States Senate.
That's why they call him sleeping Joe. No, but look at this, look. You got a chance to put Mike Braun there, smart, tough. He sleeps about four hours a night, or less. He's going to work like hell for you, and he's going to really -- he doesn't care. He's given up a lot to do this. He's given up a lot. Given up a lot.
And Joe wakes up primarily when Schumer calls. Yes, sir. This is the way I want you to vote. Uh, yes, sir. If you want a senator who will always be loyal to the people of Indiana, he'll do what's right, vote tomorrow. Get out tomorrow. You've got to do it. Mike Braun, he will be a great senator. Mike, come on up.
Thank you. Wow. He's going to be great. He's going to be great. And, Todd, I think you like very much the prospect of working with that man. Right? Todd Young. Thank you. Thank you, Todd. That will be a great team. That will be a great team. If Democrats gain power on Tuesday, one of their very first projects will be a socialist takeover of American health care.
 Get them out, please. Get them out.  I don't know what it is about Indiana, but I'm not surprised. I haven't had one of these things happen in a long time. And now I have three of them tonight. That's Indiana for you. That's Indiana. Going back home to mama. The Democrat plan would obliterate Medicare and eliminate Medicare Advantage for more than 360,000 Indiana seniors who depend on it. Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors who earned it and who, by the way, paid for it. They did pay for it. And Republicans will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
Please remember that. Democrats' plan to destroy health care also includes raiding Medicare to fund benefits for illegal immigrants. Not something that Indiana is really thrilled about. Your taxes will triple. Your taxes will triple. As we speak, Democrats are openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and overrun our country, and they want to sign them up for free welfare, free health care, free education, and most importantly, the right to vote.
They want them to vote. They want them to vote, folks. That's what they want. That's a big deal, so that people like Todd Young will never see the Senate again. That's not going to happen. That's not going to happen, I have a feeling. There's only one way to stop this Democrat-led assault on America's sovereignty.
You have to vote Republican tomorrow. You have to. Illegal immigration costs our country more than $100 billion every year. Think of that, $100 billion. And that's a very, very low number. I'm using that low number so they can't criticize me. Because I said -- If I said, seriously, $210 billion, they -- you know, if I'm off 15 cents on the high side, they'll say Donald Trump exaggerated the number.
So I go real low and I cut it in half, $100 billion. And that's a real low number. And that's more than double the budget of Indiana, Tennessee, and Georgia combined. And I mentioned those two other great places, because we have two big races in Georgia, right? You know that, right? Big one. We have a big one in Georgia, big one in Tennessee.
Marsha Blackburn's great. Right? Brian. You're going to have a new governor. And he's going to be great in Georgia. You got have it right. We got to get it right to make our country great again, we have to get it right. We're going to get it right. These dangerous policies drain our Treasury and they threaten our communities.
Nearly 100 percent of the heroin in the United States enters through the southern border. People don't know that. Along with roughly 90 percent of cocaine, the majority of meth, and a substantial portion of deadly fentanyl. These drugs destroy the lives of hundreds of thousands of people, and 70,000 Americans a year die from these drugs.
Last year alone, our brave ICE officers, who the Democrats want to fire... They're great. They're tough, they're strong, and they love our country, I'll tell you that. And they take a lot of abuse. Arrested more than -- listen to this -- 127,000 illegal aliens with criminal records, 127,000 with criminal records... ... including those charged or convicted of approximately 48,000 assaults, 12,000 sex crimes, and 1,800 murders.
Can you believe it? And did you see what I put on this week? Did you see? Not the rough guy screaming at the judge that he's going to kill everybody, but the second one wearing a hat. And he wanted to come into our country, but he asked for a pardon. And they said, oh, the announcer, the young woman that was doing probably some kind of a reporter, and she said, oh, you want a pardon?
What is it for? And they have it in Spanish. Murder. She said, what? Murder? Murder? You want a pardon for murder? This was one of the people in the caravan, wants a pardon for murder. Or attempted murder, to be exact. No, we don't want that. We don't want that. We're making our country great again. We don't want that.
You can't make a country great if we're going to take some other country's problems, other countries that we pay hundreds of millions of dollars to a year and then they allow caravans to form. That's not going to go on too long, I'll tell you. Not going to go on too long. But the Democrats want to abolish ICE.
They want America to be a giant sanctuary city for drug dealers, gang members, and MS-13 killers. Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary city for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. And we will always stand with the heroes of ICE, Border Patrol, and law enforcement. And you do have great law enforcement in Indiana.
They're all over the place. They're great. You've got great law enforcement. Great governor. Great governor. This election is about safety, and this election is about jobs. For years you watched as we let foreign countries plunder our wealth, shudder our factories, and steal our jobs. But those days are over.
And in case you haven't noticed, our country is respected again. Very much respected. We're respected again. We've added nearly half a million manufacturing jobs since the election, jobs that the previous administration said could never come back. You remember that? Remember we need a magic wand to get them back.
We found the magic wand. And last month alone, we added another 32,000 manufacturing jobs. That's 1,000 new manufacturing jobs every single day. They were never going to come back. They're all over the place. And we have many, many companies coming back into our country. I was with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, great gentlemen.
Just had a big re-election, got a tremendous vote. And he said many car companies -- he gave me a list of the names. I have the -- because I don't want to just hear many. I want to know specifically, which ones are we talking about? Because they do very well with the United States. You know, for years, Japan does very well with the United States.
And I told him -- he's a friend of mine, Shinzo, we have to start talking about this. This is no good. Too unfair. No good. But he said, but we are sending many companies, and it's true. We have companies going to Ohio and Indiana and North Carolina and South Carolina and Pennsylvania and Florida. Big, beautiful car companies, because we like the cars when they're made here, not when they're made in other countries.
I just like them better. They have a better feel. They have a better feel. I like them made in the USA. Remember years ago? Made in the USA. You don't hear that, but you're starting to hear it, because we are bringing back new companies like you've never seen, including Foxconn in Wisconsin. Foxconn. Governor Scott Walker did an incredible job.
I told them, Foxconn, they're friends of mine. Scott, good luck. And I handed it to them. And there are very, very few people -- governors, I think your governor could have pulled it off, actually. There are very few -- I know he could -- there are very few governors that could have taken that big, big, complex deal and quickly made it into one of the most incredible plants I've ever seen in my life.
They make Apple equipment, much of the Apple equipment at the highest level. They make robots. They make things you wouldn't believe. It's like a new age. We brought them into Wisconsin. And they're coming, and many other companies are coming. They're all pouring into our company. They want to be-- they're coming into our country at every level.
They want to be where the action is. And they say it. We want to be where the action is. And this country is the hottest country anywhere in the world. And that's where they want to be. I recently announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal with an incredible, brand-new, U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement.
Great deal. The USMCA is a tremendous victory for Indiana farmers, manufacturers, and dairy producers. Everybody in our country is very happy about that deal. And they've studied it closely. We have taken historic action to bring back American jobs by cracking down on China's very abusive trade practices.
But that's going to work out. That's going to work out. Taking in billions and billions of dollars in taxes from China. Never happened before. But they want to make a deal. And that's good, because I like them, and I like their president. President Xi. And we're going to make a deal, I believe. After years of -- but a fair deal.
Fair deal. There's a difference. No bad deals. After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country, and we are doing it with American steel. Thanks to our tariffs and tough trade policies, our steel mills are roaring back to life, and you see that all over your state. Here in Indiana, Steel Dynamics has announced a $75 million investment in Columbia City and a $400 million investment in Terre Haute.
And just three months ago, U.S. Steel announced a $750 million investment in a place called Gary, Indiana. Do we have a doctor, please? Doctor? Doctor in the house, please. Thank you. Thank you. OK. Take your time. No problem. Take your time. Doctor, please. Thank you, Doctor. Thank you, Doctor. Thank you.
Take your time. Take your time. Take your time. That's one of our good fans. Let's just hope everything is fine. Right? We have plenty of time. Plenty of time.  Thank you, Doctor. Good. Thank you, Doctor. Thank you. We have water right here coming out. Water coming out.
Looking good. Looking good. Looking good. Looking good. Looking good. Thank you, Doctor. Thank you. Great job. Thank you. Looking good. With our great people -- he'll be back in about 10 minutes. That was good. That was good. Thank you very much, Doctor. Every day, it's promises made, promises kept. We have also taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs.
And I want to thank Pfizer, Novartis, and others. We called them. We said you got to reduce the price of your drugs, and they did. They didn't do the increase. So we want to thank them. But prices are coming down now for prescription drugs. We pay more than any country in the world. And there's nothing good about that.
And we've offered new affordable health care plans in Indiana that cost nearly 60 percent less than Obamacare. And they're better plans. And very proudly for our veterans, we passed veterans' choice. We just passed choice, where the veteran has a choice to go to a private doctor rather than waiting on line for days and weeks and months.
And we pay for that private doctor. They've -- they have been trying to pass that for over 40 years. We got it done. We're good at getting things approved. And the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure that anyone who mistreats our veterans can be immediately held accountable. You're fired. Get out.
And we secured $700 billion and $716 billion over two years to fully rebuild the United States military, and we gave our great warriors their largest pay raise in more than 10 years. And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces called the Space Force.
Very important. But I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. It was a catastrophe. Doing very well on that front. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Together we have made extraordinary progress. And we are just getting started.
Go out and vote. This is the greatest -- you, you, this is the greatest political movement in the history of our country. It really is. I mean, I don't even think it's close. And if it was, they would be knocking it -- let's see, what was better? Well, I don't think too many were better. This is the greatest in the history of our country.
There's never been anything like this. You could almost say because it's us, the history of the world. What was -- what's the bigger movement than this? And let's keep it going, by the way, tomorrow, folks. Let's keep it going. Two years ago, we shocked the Washington establishment and stunned the entire world when we defied the pundits and the critics, rejected the failures of corrupt status quo, and elected a government that finally puts America first.
It's about time. Every day since the failed, old ruling class have been trying to claw back their way, they've been trying to claw back their way into power. They're not having an easy time. The fact is, I shouldn't say this, because I want to unite. I do eventually want to unite. But the fact is, we're driving them crazy.
We're driving them crazy. They don't know what to do. They're going loco. Loco. That's all right. Hopefully it's going to all come together some day, like a beautiful puzzle. They have been on a shameless campaign to obstruct, resist, demolish, defame, and destroy. True. They have been. It's ridiculous. But you can stop them with your votes tomorrow.
We will not be intimidated by mob rule, because our movement is America's movement. You are moms and dads and sons and daughters, students and workers, farmers and soldiers. You follow our laws, give back to our communities, and raise your children to be strong, upstanding citizens. You are loyal and faithful to your country, and now you finally have a president that is loyal and faithful to you.
For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. You've seen it many, many times. Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and it's my honor to do so. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Indiana, and we are standing proudly for our great national anthem.
I am asking every citizen from every party, every background, and every race, color, and creed to reject the Democrat politics of anger and division and to unite behind our proud and righteous destiny as Americans all together. All together, we're Americans. I need you to get your family, get your friends, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and go out and vote for a Republican House and a Republican Senate and Republicans at every level of government.
And I need you to vote for Mike Braun tomorrow. Devoted citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to where it belongs, with you, the American people. This great state of Indiana was built by tough frontier men and strong pioneer women who braved the wilderness to build a life, a dream, and a home with their own two hands.
They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury, but they all had one thing in common. They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy, tear down our history, and destroy our proud American heritage.
That's not what it's about. From the farm fields of Indiana to the big sky of Montana, from the deserts of Nevada to the red rocks of Arizona, from the coal mines of West Virginia to the steel mills of Ohio, and in every city and town across our land, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win.
We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never surrender. We will always fight on to one thing. What is that one thing? Victory. It's victory. we will always fight on to victory, because we are Americans. And our hearts bleed red, white, and blue.
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And, Indiana, together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Indiana. Thank you.
Thank you very much, Missouri. You are incredible, incredible people. Wow. And we never said to Rush he's got eight minutes. Rush can have two hours, three hours. There's nobody like him. There never has been anybody like him. I was speaking to Sean Hannity backstage. Do we love Sean, by the way? And Sean said, there is nobody like this man.
And he's a real good guy. Although he's tough, he's tough. But, boy, I'll tell you what, when he's on your side, there's nobody you want better. I mean, it's really great. It's really great when he's with you. The biggest of all time at what he does. I also want to thank my good friend, Lee Greenwood. How about Lee?
So we were in Tennessee last night, and Lee was there, and I get that. But this was a surprise tonight. But, you know, that song is one of the great songs, but when he's singing to you like direct, we really like that song, right? We really -- and we like Lee Greenwood, and he's been with us from the beginning.
He has been with us absolutely from the beginning. And while we're talking about incredible people, let's get it over with, right? So I have a few people that are right out here, and they're very special. They've done an incredible job for us. They've been with us from the beginning, also. I'm going to start by saying Sean Hannity, come on up. Sean Hannity.
And we don't mean at all to insult -- look at the size of the media back there. That's a lot of people. And you do have, honestly, I see some -- you have some very fine people back there. But you have some that aren't so fine. But we don't -- we don't want to insult, but I have to do this, also, because there's a woman on Saturday night that treats us very, very well.
And she does it with love and with passion for the country, not for me. It's not a passion for me. It's a passion for the country. And I really believe it's a passion for you, because we've -- we've together formed the single greatest political movement in the history of our country. She understands that.
And she's understood it from day one, and she did this little show, and she was just going to do it, a little fun, and then it became this tremendous success, and she has got viewership like you wouldn't believe, and she speaks from the heart. Her opening monologue is always exciting. It's always exciting, and it's always brilliant, and she's my friend, and she's your friend. Justice Jeanine.
We've got to have them be very careful with those stairs, because she just did a great job, but we don't want her to fall going down those stairs, because they will be decimated. Jeanine has been a great, great friend to all of us. You know that. Also, we have some terrific people that have been with us, and they've worked for us, and they've taken the slings, the arrows, and they are so strong, so tough, so smart.
I just want to introduce somebody, and I said today twice, in Ohio, where we had a crowd like this, and outside there were thousands and thousands of people. And then we went to Indiana, where we had a crowd like this, and there were thousands and thousands of people outside. And I just want to say, there's something happening out there, folks.
There's something happening. Now, you don't know -- and I'm not on the ticket, although they want to put me on the ticket -- I will say this, if we don't do so well tomorrow, they will put me on the ticket. If we do great tomorrow, they will say he had nothing to do with it, he was not on the ticket. But that's OK. We're all getting used to each other.
Does that look like the Academy Awards back there? Look how many people there are. Look how many, the Academy Awards. That's the Academy Awards. And you know, the bad thing, we can have these massive crowds, and this is my third one today this way. You know, that's not supposed to happen. That's not. Somebody said it's not humanly possible.
I said, I guess it is. But, you know, these events, they say you do one a month and then you recover, and then you do another. But you don't do three in one day. These have been incredible. And yesterday, we were in Georgia. We had the biggest crowd you've ever seen, working for the man who hopefully will become the next governor of Georgia.
He's a great, great person, and I think he's going to do very well. They had a lot of celebrities going out there, but the celebrities drew flies. They just drew flies. They didn't have much of a draw. But he's going to be fantastic. But I want to introduce a person who, from day one, she was just smart.
Even though she's my daughter... She was just smart. Nah, don't worry. I'm smart, also. And we're smart. Hey, you know, while I'm at it, don't you love it when they talk about the elites, right? The elites. Come on, honey. When they talk about the elites, I want to tell you, this is the elites. Ivanka, say a few words. Come on, honey.
Be careful with those stairs, everybody. Be careful with those stairs. You know, they talk about the elites. The elites. Well, I know all the elites. They're not very smart in many cases. They have a lot of hatred in their heart. I don't know about you, but many of you went to better schools than they did.
We did better in the schools than they did. We have better houses, homes, boats. We do better than they do. We work harder than they do. We make more money than they do. Why are they called the elites? But let's let them be called the elites, because you, we are the super elites. We are the super elites.
We are doing well. We are doing well. There's some people out there. But you know, I said just before Sean had me on, and I said, you know what's going to bring us together? This incredible success. I think it's going to eventually -- we have to get the election over with, but I think at some point, they're going to say, OK, it's time.
We give in. We give in. Let's all get together. At some point, at some point, that's going to happen. But being a negotiator, I have to follow it up with this. And if it doesn't, that's OK, too. So, three people that have helped us so incredibly, very special women that have been unbelievable from day one.
I'd like to bring up Sarah Huckabee Sanders... That's pretty good. She's fantastic. That's beautiful. Beautiful. Wow, that's pretty good. How about letting her do the first part of my speech? Good idea? Also, Kellyanne Conway. And a woman who was involved very early on, we had the great state of Michigan.
It hadn't been won in many, many years by a Republican. It was said to be unwinnable. I was told, don't even contend for Michigan. And then I met a woman who had a lot of drive and a lot of energy, and she said, I'd love to run Michigan. I said, I heard it was unattainable. She said they love you in Michigan and they want their car industry back, because their industry was taken to Mexico and Canada and other places, and you don't like that.
And you don't like that. No, I don't. And by the way, it's all coming back, folks. You see what's happening. It's all coming back. It's all coming back. And she worked so hard. And that beautiful evening in November, when they started counting the ballots, and we won Florida, and we won South Carolina, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania.
And then -- and we did win Indiana, that's for sure. And we won Ohio, remember? Remember, they used to say, you cannot win unless you win the great state of Ohio. We won Ohio very easily. And Bob Paduchik, who ran that campaign, is here. We love Ohio. Those are incredible people. But what happened was a surprise, because in the midst of all, they said, and Donald Trump has just won the state of -- before Michigan -- Wisconsin.
And every go, whoa, whoa! Whoa! Right? They said, whoa, what's this? What's this? That one was -- I mean, not -- where did that come from? But we've done a great job, and they're great people. And we opened it up for the dairy farmers in Wisconsin. We opened up Canada with our new deal for the first time.
They like us. Great deal. But then they said -- and we're running a string -- and this is when they started getting extremely nervous. And a very nice guy named John King for CNN, you know, he has the board, the red board, and his hand is like starting to shake... ... because that board had so much red on it, they've never seen anything like it. They didn't know what was happening.
Right? That board was red. That board was red. I remember when North Carolina, great state, incredible people, incredible, and the opponent, let's be nice, the opponent said very strongly in the -- that that is their firewall, they cannot lose that. They have it made. Except for one problem, Donald Trump won the state of North Carolina.
Won the state. But then out of the blue, out of the blue, they said, oh, oh, oh, you know, there were some crying, you know? These people are very fair. They're crying, OK? And they're not crying out of happiness, that I could understand. They're crying out of despair. But then out of the blue, they were saying to themselves, we've got a problem here, because Donald Trump has just won the great state of Michigan.
And that was the ballgame, folks. That was the ballgame. Wisconsin, Michigan, it was -- it was in a great -- was that one of the greatest evenings of all time? And, you know, that was every network, every cable station, everything, everybody, look at them all back there, oh, they're loving this, they're loving this.
Every once in a while -- don't worry, I'm not going to mention CNN's name -- but we're not going to watch it. I won't mention NBC or ABC or CBS. Not going to mention. I'm not. I'm not going to mention that you treat us very unfairly. But I think they're getting tired of it. You know why? Because we keep winning.
It's driving them crazy. It's driving them crazy.  So, anyway, you're right. USA, nothing like it. Made in the USA. That's happening. They're all moving back, folks. Those companies are all moving back. So this young woman was incredible. And I said, you know, that woman that did such a good job for all of us in Michigan, I think we have to move her to Washington, D.C., to run the Republican National Committee.
And she's been -- she's been there ever since, and she has done a fantastic job, Ronna McDaniel. Come up, Ronna. And she actually is very good on television, too. Just say a couple of quick...
Thank you, folks. That's great. Great job. Great job. What a group. I always said that women are smarter than men. Sorry, men. But we understand it, right? Men, do we understand it? No, these are great people. They're great people. And they're our friends, and they work hard for us. And they could be doing other things, but they love what they're doing.
They love what we're accomplishing. And tomorrow, the people of Missouri are going to send Josh Hawley to the United States Senate to keep America's economic boom going full speed ahead. In less than two years' time, we have accomplished more than anyone could have ever imagined. We are so far ahead of schedule.
If I ever said what we've done along the campaign trail, they would have never, ever let it happen. They would have gone out and said, he's exaggerating. Except for one problem. We've done far more than we ever said we could do. And America's extraordinary comeback is the envy of the entire world. The whole world is talking about -- we're the hottest nation in the world.
We're the hottest. And I have great respect for China and President Xi. He's a friend of mine, although he doesn't like me as much lately, but that's OK. He will be back. But -- he said he'll have to get over it. Only a person from Missouri could say that. Who said that? No, we're doing well, and we're doing well with everything, frankly.
But I will say, we have to get out tomorrow, and we have to elect a Republican Congress. We have to do it. We've got to stop cryin' Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi from erasing everything that we've gained. Our economy is setting records on a daily basis. There is no place I would rather be for the last stop of this campaign than right here in Missouri with the incredible men and women who make our country run.
This is my last stop.  Thank you. Thank you. You know, we're changing the slogan. It's make America great again, greatest slogan of all time. Greatest slogan. But you know what? We can't use it for the second four, right? Because it's like they'd say, well, I thought you were going to make it great?
What are you doing using it again? So our new slogan will be in another year keep America great. Keep America great. That's true. Because the wrong people follow us in office, it could all be gone. All of those 401(k)s, where your wife or your husband thinks you're a super genius, a great financial genius, because you're up 51 percent, you're up 62 percent, you're up 42 percent.
My husband's a genius, but for their whole marriage of 20 years, she was screaming at him, cursing at him, saying you don't know what the hell you're doing. Now, all of a sudden, he's a genius. You're looking very good. You're looking very good. But I have to say, so this is my last stop, right? I told you, left Ohio, left Georgia yesterday, left all these great states, Montana, big sky, big sky.
We left all of these great states. We covered a lot of territory. My last stop is here. I think for one reason, for one reason, and I have to say it, because this is the home of Rush Limbaugh. And David Limbaugh, David, thank you, David. Thank you, David. Great lawyer. I hear David is a great lawyer, right, David?
David told me. No, but Sean told me. Everybody tells me. Thank you, David. But this is the home of Rush, and what he did today was fantastic. Because he doesn't do that. He doesn't do that. This is his home. He loves Missouri. And it's very important. Also, this is the place that Josh is running. Josh is a young, incredible guy with tremendous talent.
He will serve this country so well. He will represent Missouri so well. And he's actually leading. He's actually leading. He's actually leading. For decades, Washington only served the powerful and the well-connected. Those days are over. Together, we are the voice for every citizen who has ever been overlooked, abandoned, neglected, ignored.
You remember the words, the deplorables. Oh, that was a good speech. I don't know. Did the speechwriter for the deplorables speech, did that person get fired immediately or the following week? Wow, did he give us a great gift. But the deplorables are the greatest people on Earth. They're the smartest. Is there a doctor in the house, please?
Doctor? Doctor, please, thank you. Thank you very much. Take your time. Doctor, take your time. We have plenty of time, right? Thank you, Doctor. Take your time, Doctor. Thank you. That's fine. Take your time. Don't rush it. That's one of our great people right there. Take your time. Say a little prayer.
Go ahead. Say a little prayer. That's good. That's good. Say a little prayer. Take your time. Take your time. Relax. Take your time. Thank you. We've got plenty of time, right?  That was really something. I want to just thank everybody for the way you behaved. That was beautiful.
And that at the end was beautiful. Amazing grace. Thank you very much. That was beautiful. Hopefully she'll be OK. Hopefully she'll be ok. I want to just say that tomorrow's so important. Josh Hawley is an amazing fighter. We need to keep this jobs boom going. We need to keep our country going the way it is. You saw what was announced on Friday.
Friday was incredible. It was incredible. The jobs numbers, last month alone, we added 250,000 brand-new jobs. The unemployment rate is at its lowest level in more than 50 years. We've created 4.5 million new jobs since Election Day, and we have lifted 4.3 million Americans off of food stamps. African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment have all reached their lowest levels in history.
We have brought African American and Hispanic American poverty levels to their lowest point ever recorded. There has never been a better time for the American worker. We passed a massive tax cut for Missouri workers and for the United States, and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class.
And to protect your rights and your freedoms, we overcame the Democrat smear campaign and confirmed the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. And you saw what happened on Friday, also. We had great jobs numbers, but we also had something else. The accuser of Brett Kavanaugh, a man who is a fine man, the accuser admitted she never met him, she never saw him, he never touched her, talked to her, he had nothing to do with her, she made up the story, it was false accusations, it was a scam, it was fake, it was all fake.
And you know, when that came about, people were calling for him to immediately get out. Think of that. Think if he would have done that, and then we found out that it was all false accusations. False statements. A made-up story. And let's look at the rest of them, please. Let's look at the rest of them. Because that man suffered.
You know, when I decided it was going to be him, and it was early, because honestly for 10 years I've been hearing about a man named Judge Brett Kavanaugh -- I've been hearing about him for a long time, and they all said he's fantastic, intellectually, he's a great scholar, and he will someday be on the Supreme Court.
Now, that was 10 years ago. Can you believe it? And little did I think I'd be the one appointing him. But I'll never forget, Rush. I'll never forget this, Rush. I brought him to the White House. And I said, Judge, then judge, now justice. I said, Judge Kavanaugh, I want to congratulate you. I'm choosing you to serve on the United States Supreme Court.
And he said, this is the greatest honor of my life. I would like to thank you, Mr. President. And I said, Judge, by the way, just so you know, this is going to go so quick, this is going to be so easy. You have led such an incredible, exemplary life. It's going to go so fast. No problem. And then it began.
And then it began. And he hung in there, and I hung in there, too, by the way. I hung in there, too. False accusations. False accusations. They want to ruin a man or a woman. Ruin a man. And it was headed up all by the Democrats, all by the Democrats, right? All by the Democrats. Dianne Feinstein, with did you leak.
Our great, great, brave, brave soldier from Vietnam, except he never saw Vietnam. Da Nang Dick, you know, Da Nang. He's from Da Nang. We charged up the hill, soldiers were falling left and right, but I was protecting them, I was there. Except he never saw Vietnam. And then he gets up and he says, we demand honesty.
We demand the truth. Can you believe this? This can only happen to us. This can only happen to us. In any event, we energized the Republican Party with that. The Democrats overplayed their hand, just as they overplayed their hand with a lot of things. They overplayed their -- like the Russia nonsense. Russia.
Russia did it. It was Russia. They used it as an excuse by the Democrats for losing an election that they should have won because they have a big advantage in the Electoral College. Remember they used to say, there is no way for Donald Trump to get 270. And they were right. We got to 306. They were right.
We got 306. They used that as an excuse. And they always overplay their hand. Got some bad people. And you have some good people over there, too, I have to be honest, but you got some bad people. The contrast in this election could not be more clear. Democrats produce mobs. That's what's happened. Republicans produce jobs.
We are proudly joined by many terrific Missouri Republicans, including tonight your great governor, done a fantastic job, Mike Parson. Mike? And Mrs. Parson. Great job. Great job. Thank you. Thank you. Great job, Mike. And members of Congress, one of them stopped Washington about three weeks ago when he started doing his little auction deal, right?
Billy. Does anybody know Billy Long? I have never heard an auctioneer so good. I've never an auctioneer as good. But he's a great congressman, more importantly. And he loves the people of this state. And he loves your state. Billy Long, Congressman. Billy. Great guy. Did everybody see that, a month ago? He started doing the auction thing.
Everybody -- and these were hardened political people. They've heard it all. And they just stopped in their tracks. They said, what the hell is that? And it was our friend, Billy. It was amazing. And another congressman from Missouri, always there for us, just like Billy, somebody that's been there for the tax cuts, and there for regulation, and there for right to try, right to try.
You know what right to try is, big thing, big deal. It's a big deal. And he was there, along with some really great people in the Republican Party to take care of our vets, to give them choice for the first time in 44 years. They've been trying for 44 years. Congressman Jason Smith, thank you, Jason. If you don't want to be saying the words "Speaker of the House Pelosi" for the next two years... ... get out and vote for Billy and Jason.
They don't really need your vote, but get out and do it anyway because, wow, that would be a story. We don't want to be complacent. We don't want to be -- they are great people, so get out and vote for your congressmen and women. Tomorrow, the people of Missouri are going to elect a truly outstanding new senator.
Josh Hawley will be a tireless champion for the great people of Missouri. He is great on jobs. He is great on cutting taxes. And there is nobody tougher on crime. He shares your values, and he will always support our military, our vets, and our great law enforcement. Josh is running against an extreme liberal Democrat named Claire McCaskill.
She got lucky the last time. She got lucky the last time. She was way down the last time, and somebody running, it didn't look -- it didn't look too good. She got a little bit -- she got a pass. Let's put it that way. She got a pass. It was a sad thing that happened. That whole thing was a sad thing in many ways.
Anyway, she got in. And now Josh is actually up slightly in the polls. Just came out. But she was going down, and then she said, the Democrats are crazy, and I said, that's genius for getting -- I give her credit for that. She's taking a lot of heat, but she'll patch it up over one lunch a day after the election, if she wins.
But I hope that's not going to -- if she doesn't win, then she's going to have long-term trouble. But she said the Democrats are crazy, and then she said, I agree with our president on border security. I agree. All of a sudden, she agrees with me. I'm in office for almost two years. All of a sudden she's agreeing.
Look, folks. Just so you understand, so the election is tomorrow, Tuesday. On Wednesday, she will no longer agree with me on border security. No longer. No longer. A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, and the legendary Maxine Waters. And more important, it's a vote for their horrible socialist agenda.
Claire McCaskill will be a disaster for jobs, for your families, for your state. And again, on Wednesday, she will no longer remember anything she said, and she will never, ever vote for us on the big things where we need her vote, ever. Just like she didn't vote for Judge Kavanaugh, she's not going to vote for us, and that's the way it is. It's very simple.
And while I very much appreciate her great support out of nowhere along the border, it disappears on Wednesday morning. Claire voted against middle-class tax cuts. She voted against Neil Gorsuch. And Claire joined the Democrat mob in voting against Justice Brett Kavanaugh. Claire McCaskill has one of the most open-border voting records in all of Congress.
Claire McCaskill voted no on Kate's law, and she voted no on enhanced vetting for refugees. Let's just let them in. Let them in. Let them in. And Claire voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities. She would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens, which is why she needs to be voted out of office tomorrow, please.
If you want jobs, and if you want safety, you have only one choice. A young, talented man who's going to -- I tell you, I really believe this, he's going to go down as one of our great senators, Josh Hawley. Josh, come on up, Josh.
That's great. So, everybody, get out and vote for Josh Hawley tomorrow. So important. He will be one of the leaders of the Senate in a short period of time. He's a very special person. And he will never, ever let you down. I know that about him. If Democrats gain power on Tuesday, one of their very first projects will be a socialist takeover of American health care.
You know what's happening. And your taxes are going to triple, maybe quadruple. You're not going to be happy. I know you well. The Democrat plan would obliterate Obamacare. It will also -- which is good -- but leave the bad parts behind. It will destroy Medicare. And by the way, did you notice we got rid of the individual mandate in Obamacare, right?
Nobody talks about that. Nobody talks about that. Nobody talks about the individual mandate, most unpopular thing, and it's going to be gone. Soon, Obamacare will be gone. We actually had it. We missed one vote, one vote, one vote. That was a little bit of a surprise to us at 2 o'clock in the morning. One vote.
But we didn't get any Democrat votes. If Claire McCaskill, we would have repealed it and replaced it. But essentially, it's being obliterated anyway, and it's going to be -- you're going to have great, great advantages with health care when you see what we're doing. We want to -- watch, if they win, they will eliminate Medicare Advantage for more than 411,000 Missouri seniors.
Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors, who earned it, and who, by the way, have paid for it. You know that, right? You know that. And Republicans will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, always. We are protecting patients. The Democrats' plan to destroy health care also includes raiding Medicare to fund benefits for illegal immigrants.
Somehow that doesn't work well in Missouri. It's commonsense people, by the way. Common -- you know it's all about common sense. You know that. They say, are you a conservative? I say, yeah, I'm conservative, but you know what I really -- it's common sense. Most of it's all commonsense, folks. It's common sense.
You know what it's called? It's called we have to do what's right. We have to have borders. Without borders, we don't have a country. We have to do what's right. We can't let foreign nations take advantage of -- you know, they've been taken -- for years and years, taking advantage of us. We can't allow it to happen.
It's not going to happen anymore. We can't protect rich nations, really, really successful rich nations. We protect them, and they don't pay us for the protection, or they pay us a small fraction. It's not fair. And I tell them, sorry, it's not fair, and we're working it out. You're talking about a lot of money.
You're talking about a lot of money. As we speak, Democrats are openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws and violate our borders. And they want to sign them up for free welfare, free health care, free education, and most importantly, they want to give them the right to vote. I can't imagine why.
Democrats' immigration policies are extreme, dangerous, reckless, and insane. They support catch-and-release. They want to free criminal aliens. They want no protections for American workers and taxpayers. And they want totally open borders, which means crime will pour into our country. Illegal immigration costs our country more than $100 billion every year, and that's more than the budgets of Missouri, Indiana, and Wisconsin combined.
I mention those places, you know why? Because we have very important races in those places, and we have all these Academy Award-type cameras going back there. We want to win in those places, too. A nation ought to take care of its own citizens first. Nearly 100 percent of the heroin in the United States enters through the southern border, along with roughly 90 percent of cocaine, the majority of meth, and a substantial portion of deadly fentanyl.
These drugs kill more than 70,000 Americans a year and destroy the lives of hundreds of thousands of people. Last year alone, our brave ICE officers arrested more than 127,000 illegal aliens. And they had criminal records, including those charged or convicted of approximately 48,000 assaults, 12,000 sex crimes, and 1,800 homicides.
But despite that, the Democrats want to abolish ICE. They want to abolish ICE. They want America to be a giant sanctuary city for gang members and MS-13 killers. Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens, right? 
We will always stand for the heroes of ICE, Border Patrol, and law enforcement. And by the way, I met a lot of your law enforcement back there. You have great law enforcement police in Missouri. They're great people. Among the most underappreciated people in this country, law enforcement, among the most -- dangerous, tough.
It's a tough job, but they are great people, and they love our country. This election is about security, and this election is about prosperity. For years, you watched as we let foreign countries plunder our wealth, shutter our factories, and steal our jobs. No more, Missouri. No more. Not going to happen.
America is respected again. We are respected. We have added half-a-million new manufacturing jobs since the election. Last month alone, we added another 32,000 manufacturing jobs. That's 1,000 new manufacturing jobs every single day. And the previous administrations said it could not be done. And those are among our best jobs.
I recently announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal with an incredible, brand new, U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement that everybody is for. The USMCA is a giant victory for Missouri farmers, factory workers, and dairy producers. And the other thing I did, and I'll just mention, for those of you that love your children -- does anybody love their children in the audience?
For those of you that love your children and you want to leave your small farm or your ranch or anything you have, including a small business, to your children, you now have no death tax to pay. You now have no estate tax to pay. So if you don't love your children or if your children treat you badly, and you have no intention of leaving your farm or your other valuables to your children, because your children are just no good, then just forget what I just said because it's not going to help you.
But if you want to leave them that farm and you pass, and what happens is they go out and they have to borrow and they mortgage it to the hilt. It's called mortgaging the farm. You know, it's an expression. You're going to mortgage the farm. They mortgage the farm to pay the estate taxes or death taxes, as it's called.
They don't have to do that anymore. They don't have to do that anymore. It's gone. That's a big thing. And the Democrats fought us on that one, too, but we got it by. We have taken historic action to bring back American jobs by cracking down on China's abusive trade practices. And we're doing very well. We're doing very well.
We're doing very, very well. We're taking in billions and billions of dollars in taxes from things that are sold to us, and China wants to make a deal, and that's fine with me. After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country, and we are doing it with American iron, American aluminum, and American steel.
And thanks to our beautifully placed tariffs and very tough trade policies, America's steel and aluminum mills are roaring back to life like nobody has ever seen. Right here in Missouri, a company named Magnitude 7 Metals -- whoa, whoa, that's good. Well, that I didn't expect. That's nice. You like that company, don't you?
It is reopening an aluminum smelter and creating 450 brand-new jobs. Would never have happened. Every day it's promises made, promises kept. We have also taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs. Happening. Happening. Happening. I called up Pfizer. I called up Novartis, and they were great.
They rolled back their prices. That's when I realized how powerful this office is. When you can get the drug companies to roll back their increases back to where they were. And I appreciate the fact that they did it. And we have just offered a new, affordable health care plan in Missouri that 71 percent less than the horrible Obamacare disaster.
And there's more coming. We passed veterans' choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor rather than waiting on line for weeks and months to see a doctor. Forty-four years, they tried to pass that. And I came up with that idea, and I thought it was brilliant. I went back to my people and I said, you know what we'll do? There's no way there are so many people in line, takes months and months.
I said, you know what we're going to do? We're going to have those people get off line, go outside, see a doctor. And we'll pay for the doctor. I said, I'm so smart. I am the most brilliant human being that has ever lived. And I went to my people, and I said, do this. Do it. They said, sir, we've been trying to get it passed for about 44 years.
I said, oh, so it wasn't my idea. But you know what? I'm the only one that got it passed. That's even tougher. That's even tougher. That's even tougher. And we also got passed the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats our great veterans will be held accountable. We will look at them and we will say, Jim, you're fired.
Get out of here. Get out. Get out. Get out of here. We secured $700 billion and $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military, which had become so depleted. And we buy everything right here in the good, old USA, best -- best -- we make the best ships, the best submarines. We make the best rockets and missiles.
We make the best jet fighters and bombers and tankers. We make the best tanks. We make the best everything. All here. And we gave our great warriors their largest pay raise in more than a decade. And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces called the Space Force.
The Space Force. Very necessary. And I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. It was a disaster. And if you haven't noticed, Iran is a much different country right now. But let's see what happens. We have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
Every other president practically going back many years, every other president promised it, and they never had the courage or whatever it is to get it done. And I know why. Because everybody started calling, just like they did me. They'd call and call. When I realized what they were all calling about, I said, tell them I'll call them back in a week.
Now, I was going to sign it in four days. So when I called them back, I said, Mr. King, Mr. Queen, Mr. whatever. I said, listen, Mr. President, Mr. Prime Minister, what is it? Well, we wanted to talk to you about Israel and Jerusalem, but you've already done it. I said, oh, gee, I wish you got to me sooner.
Because the calls were, like, from everybody. So I understand why other presidents didn't do it. But we did it. And it's a big thing. Together we have made extraordinary progress, and we are just getting started. This is the greatest political movement in the history of our country, what you've done. The greatest.
History of our country. Two years ago, we shocked the Washington establishment and stunned the world. The entire world was stunned. We weren't stunned. We knew what was happening. We knew. When we defied the pundits and the critics and rejected the failures of the corrupt status quo and elected a government that finally puts America first.
Every day, every single day since, every day. The failed old ruling class have been trying so hard, oh, so hard. Wouldn't you think they'd like low taxes, strong military, nice borders, good schools, good health care? We'll get it done. Good everything? They don't want that. They want to claw their way back into power.
That's what they want. Because how can they be opposed to the strongest economy we've ever had? How can they be opposed to the greatest unemployment numbers in the history of our country, including for African-Americans, Asians and Hispanic Americans? How can they be opposed? There's got to be something else on their mind.
Oh, I'm going to love that debate when I say we have the strongest economy in history, and the person over there is going to say why they should do better. Why they should do better. This is the same corrupt crew that chipped away your jobs, stole your wealth, and lined their pockets at your expense. You know that's what happened.
Our opponents have been on a relentless campaign to obstruct, resist, demolish, defame, and destroy. Other than that, they're extremely nice. But you can stop them with your votes tomorrow. Got to get out there. Josh. Josh, our movement is America's movement. You are moms and dads, sons and daughters, students and workers, farmers and soldiers.
You follow our laws, give back to our communities, and raise your children to be strong, upstanding citizens. You are loyal and faithful to your country. You love your country. And now, finally, you have a government and you have a president that is loyal and faithful to you. Right? Right? For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Missouri. And we are proudly standing up for our great national anthem. I am asking every citizen from every party, every background, every race, color, and creed, to reject the Democrat politics of anger, division, destruction, and to unite behind our proud, noble, and righteous destiny as Americans.
It's what it is. I need you to get your family, get your friends, get your neighbors, get your co-workers, and go out and vote for Republican Congress, for Republican Senate. Go out and vote Republican tomorrow. This Tuesday -- wait a minute here, this Tuesday in 15 minutes -- we're almost into Tuesday. In fact, go home and sleep.
Get up early and vote. I need the people of Missouri to seize this incredible moment in history by electing the great -- and he will be someday the great Josh Hawley -- as your next senator. Devoted citizen like you -- all citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country and returning power to the American people.
It's what happened. Greatest movement in history. This incredible state was built by tough frontier men and strong pioneer women who braved the wilderness to build a life and home with their own two hands. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury. But they all had one thing in common: They loved their families.
They loved their country. And they loved their God. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy, tear down our history, and destroy our proud and great American heritage. From the Bootheel of Missouri, to the beautiful, big sky of Montana, from the deserts of Nevada to the everglades of Florida, from the coal mines of West Virginia to the steel mills of Indiana, and for every family in every city and town across our land, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win and not stop winning.
We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never, ever back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory. Because we are Americans, and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
And together, with love in our hearts and hope in our souls, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Missouri. Thank you.
Hello, folks. So we're going to Ohio. We're going to Indiana. We're going to Missouri. And I think we're going to have a very good day. They're packed houses. Every one of them is packed.
And there is a great electricity in the air. I don't know if you report it that way, but there's a great electricity in the air, like we haven't seen, in my opinion, since the '16 election. So something is happening. We'll see.
But I think we're going to do very well, and you're going to have three very exciting stops. We'll be doing three major speeches in front of big crowds -- very big crowds.
Well, we haven't set anything up yet. We don't know that that's going to be the right place. I'm going to be in Paris for other reasons. But we will be meeting at the G20. And probably we'll have meetings after that -- probably plenty of meetings.
Getting along with Russia, China, and all of them would be a good thing; I've said it for a long time. So we'll have plenty of meetings. But I'm not sure that we'll have a meeting in Paris -- probably not.
I don't know about it. I mean, you're telling me something I don't know about. We have a lot of ads. And they certainly are effective, based on the numbers that we're seeing.
Well, a lot of things are offensive. Your questions are offensive a lot of times -- so, you know.
Well, I don't think so. But, I mean, I'm willing to accept that. I think we're doing well. I think the Senate -- we're doing very well. And I think we're going to do very well in the House. If you look, over a hundred years, for whatever reason, the party with the President doesn't do very well. I think we're going to do pretty well.
I have never seen -- look, you're covering me. The energy that we have, the energy that this whole party has now, it's really incredible. Whether it's the great economy, or the immigration -- our strong stand and their very weak stand, where they have open borders, which, to me, means nothing but crime -- I don't know. But I can tell you that there's a lot of energy.
Well, we'll see what it is. I mean, we're going to see what happens. And I have a feeling that others will want to get things done. And right now, we're before the election. But after the election, I would imagine other people will want to get things done. We'll see.
Just take a look. All you have to do is go around, take a look at what's happened over the years, and you'll see. There are a lot of people -- a lot of people -- my opinion, and based on proof -- that try and get in illegally and actually vote illegally. So we just want to let them know that there will be prosecutions at the highest level.
With the oil, it's very interesting. We have the toughest sanctions ever imposed. But on oil, we want to go a little bit slower because I don't want to drive the oil prices in the world -- this has nothing to do with Iran -- I don't want to drive the oil prices in the world up. So I'm not looking to be a great hero and bring it down to zero immediately.
I could get the Iran oil down to zero immediately, but it would cause a shock to the market. I don't want to lift oil prices.
And if you notice, oil prices are going down very substantially, despite the fact that already half of their capacity is gone.
But I don't want to do that. I saw some people saying, "Oh, why aren't you tougher on that?" Well, number one, the sanctions are very tough. Number two, I don't want to lift the oil prices worldwide by clamping down 100 percent. It will be a gradual.
Well, everything -- yeah. Administrations make changes, usually after midterms. And probably, we'll be right in that category, too. I think it's very customary.
No timeline. No, no timeline. I really -- I mean, for the most part, I love my Cabinet. We have some really talented people. Look at the deals we're making on trade. Look at the job we've done in so many different things, including foreign affairs.
I mean, we've done -- we've done record-setting work. I don't know that we get the credit for it, but that's okay.
Very good. I'll announce before the end of the week. The U.N. Ambassador -- I will announce before the end of the week.
Oh, I don't know, is that the new rumor? No. No, I don't at all.
I was surprised by that question. I hadn't heard that one.
Well, I think he's done a very good job. I do think he's done a very good job.
Well, I haven't seen it yet, but I'll take a look. I'm going to look at any reports. I'll take a look. Certainly, I would not be happy with that at all. But I will take a look. But he's done a very good job as Secretary.
There is something going on, Ohio, that they're not talking about. There's something going on. You look at this gigantic room and there are many more people outside trying to get in. Should we let them in or not? The problem is we don't have the room to let them in. Thousands of people outside, there is something going on. There's an electricity like people have not seen since a date 2016 November.
A lot of things are going on. Get out and vote. Hello, Ohio. I love Ohio. Remember I heard it over and over again -- you cannot win, right? You cannot win, everything goes through Ohio. You cannot win without the great state of Ohio, so we won Ohio easily, easily. We won Ohio together and we won the whole thing and I'm thrilled to be in Cleveland, Ohio, where we had a wonderful convention.
And I'm with thousands of hardworking, great, great American patriots. Thank you for being here, we appreciate it. This is our final day, two stops after this. I did a lot of stops, I saw a lot of people. I saw a lot of Make America Great Again hats, a lot of hats. I saw a lot of spirit, I saw a lot of spirit like this country hasn't seen.
We have -- what we've done -- this is the greatest political movement of all time in this country. And it's an incredible time in America -- jobs are soaring, wages are rising, poverty is plummeting and more Americans are working today than ever before in the history of our nation. Think of that. How do we lose that -- how do we lose that in a debate?
More people are working today than ever before, somehow whenever they do pick their far left candidate, I think we're going to do OK. We have a lot of good soundbites. Our military is stronger than ever, we have a lot of great, great soundbites. Tomorrow the people of Ohio are going to elect Mike DeWine and a Republican Congress to keep America's economic boom surging full speed ahead.
Mike DeWine, boy he is fighting, he's great. And I know his opponent, he's a disaster. I -- look, I'm just -- you know, there are some Democrats, they're fine. This guy Cordray is a bad guy, he's not a good person, he's hurt a lot of people. What he's done to people is a disgrace, and I hope he loses for two reasons.
Number one, Mike DeWine is a -- he's going to be a great Governor, and Cordray a bad person who will do a terrible job, OK. Now that I have that out of my system, let's go back. It's true, it's true, he's a bad person. Republicans have -- we actually essentially fired him, so I -- mean -- I know a lot about him.
You're fired. Republicans have created the best economy in the history of our country and the hottest jobs market -- well, look, you take a look. Take a look what's happened. This is the hottest place economically anywhere in the world right now. When I have some wonderful leaders of countries -- Presidents, Prime Ministers, Kings, Queens, some dictators but we don't mention that... the first thing they say to me is congratulations, Mr. President, you have the hottest economic nation anywhere in the world, congratulations.
And Ohio sees it just about better than anybody because you see the car companies back, the car companies expanding, other companies are coming back. Remember, they were all leaving, now they're all coming back, folks. They're all coming back. Just like I said, but I did mislead you in one way and I apologize.
I didn't know we could do it this fast, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't know we could do it this quickly. It's gone very quickly. If I would have said that out on the campaign trail, I would have been greeted with the worst headlines. They would have said how dare he make those statements. But what we've done in less than two years, no President or administration in its first two years has done anywhere near what this administration has done and they know it -- and they know it. But everything we have created and achieved is at stake on Election Day, it is. If the radical Democrats take power, they will take a wrecking ball to our economy and to our future -- a wrecking ball.
When you enter the voting booth on Tuesday, you will be making a simple choice -- a vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity, our extraordinary journey together. It's a journey that we made together -- not me, all of us together. A vote for Democrats is a vote to bring this economic boom crashing to a sudden halt.
The Democrat agenda is a socialist nightmare for our country. The Republican agenda is the American dream, and that's what we're doing, we're bringing back the American dream. In the last month alone, we added 250,000 jobs -- and this is -- these are beautiful, brand new, spanking new jobs in the month of October.
We brought back nearly half a million people, and we brought them into the work force and they are so happy. The unemployment rate is the lowest level in 50 years. You saw on Friday, you saw the numbers were announced -- those numbers were announced. Good timing with all those great economic numbers that came out.
Do you think the media wanted to maybe delay them to Wednesday? Would you say they would have been happy? They would have been happy if they could have delayed them, announced the numbers the day after the election. No, they came out at a good time. Friday numbers, those were phenomenal numbers. You haven't seen numbers like that in a long time, many years.
We've created 4.5 million new jobs since election day... and we have lifted 4.3 million Americans off of food stamps. African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-American unemployment have all reached their lowest levels in history. Jobless claims in Ohio have fallen to their lowest level ever recorded. We're bringing the jobs all bad.
They're coming back. A lot of them are coming back to Ohio. We sort of tell them, "hey, how about Ohio? How about going to Ohio? Household income for Ohio families has reached the highest level in the history of your state, and we have put your coal miners and your steel workers back to work. We passed a massive tax cut, massive for Ohio workers, and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class.
We got to win the House to do that, by the way. Just put it in your heads. Put it into your heads when you're getting ready to vote, while you're voting. Who has already voted? Oh, so this is very much a Tuesday state. I found that with mine. I remember they said, "well, the people are sort of holding for Tuesday," and did you show up on Tuesday.
So ready? Who is going to vote on Tuesday? OK. Don't forget. Don't forget. You know, the midterm elections used to be like boring, didn't they? Do you even remember what they were? People would say midterms. They say, "what is that? What is it," right? Now it's like the hottest thing. These guys are making a fortune because of me and you.
But it's true. It's true. I mean, whoever even heard of midterms? I don't even know what it is. I've had a lot of people say, "I don't know what midterm is, but now I'm watching every single minute and I'm going out to vote." But the key is you have to go out to vote because in a sense I am on the ticket.
You got to go out to vote. And you have to protect your rights and your freedoms. We overcame the Democrat's smear campaign and confirmed the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. The contrast in this election could not be more clear. Democrats produce mobs. Republicans produce jobs.
If crying Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, and... and a legendary Maxine Waters... gained a majority, they will try to raise your taxes, restore job killing regulations, shutdown your coal mines and your steel mills. That's what's going to happen. Take away your healthcare. Your healthcare, you could forget it. You're going to live in a socialist world, and put illegal aliens before American citizens.
The people of Ohio are not too happy. Not too happy. I know Ohio well. I don't know if you know I used to work in Ohio for summers with my father on a job we had. Cincinnati, Ohio. I worked for a couple of summers, and I loved it. I loved it. I loved it. And I won't tell you, but I used to -- I shouldn't say that in this room, but I on occasion would be known to sneak into Kentucky because I liked Kentucky.
I like Kentucky for all the wrong reasons, but I like Kentucky. I liked it. I had a good time in Cincinnati, Ohio. I learned a lot. I learned a lot in Cincinnati, Ohio, and I love Ohio. Maybe that's why we won it by so much, remember? Everything goes through Ohio. I love the people of Ohio. The Democrat platform is a 2018 socialism, open borders edict.
Democrats are inviting caravan after caravan -- isn't that nice -- of illegal aliens to flood into our country and overwhelm your communities. That's what's happened. Have you seen the pictures? And they try and play it down like it's not that many. It's not that many people. You know, you're looking at a bridge with thousands and thousands.
We're building the wall, though. We're building the wall. Don't worry. We've already started. $1.6 billion, we've already started. Yes, we've started. We want to do it at one time. Although, barbed wire looks like it's going to be very effective, too. With soldiers standing in front of it. By the way, how good does our military look?
Doesn't it look good? If you want more caravans and more crime, vote Democrat. If you want strong borders and safe communities, vote Republican. Now, I have no idea where they are in this incredible room. I don't know. Maybe they're outside. They got stuck outside with a lot of people, but we are thrilled to be joined today by many terrific Ohio Republican members of Congress.
Here's a guy I love because he's a champion. Years, the NCAA champion in wrestling, his record is crazy like 128 and one -- some crazy record. And you know why? Not because of just the muscle. It's because of this right here, because of this. This muscle, that's your most important right here. Lot of strong people, but if you don't have this it doesn't matter.
Congressman Jim Jordan, where is he? He's a champ. I love him defending me on television, he is a bulldog. He doesn't give a damn -- boom, boom, boom, point after point. Right? He's a champ. Say something.
Thank you, Jim. Champion -- he's a champion. One of the greats. He's one of the best. Congressman Bill Johnson -- Bill... These are great people -- these are great people. They help us so much with so many -- including the tax cuts and regulations and we wouldn't get by without them. It's Ohio. Congressman Bob Gibbs -- Bob... Great guy.
Congressman Warren Davidson... Dave Joyce, where is Dave? Thank you Dave, great job. They do -- these are great people. And our Republican nominee for Ohio's 16th Congressional District, you know him very well, Anthony Gonzalez. I hear his poll numbers are looking very good, is that right fellas? Looking good, it's looking good?
I hear it's looking good. And also, a special person -- and he was going to make his way up, I said do this, don't even think about it, just keep campaigning because he's doing fantastic. He's only been there for a short while, Troy Balderson, he's respected by everybody, Troy Balderson. Troy is in there working, I said just stay there and campaign.
Don't take any chances. Troy Balderson, vote for him. If you don't want to be saying the words Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi for the next two years, get out and vote for a Republican House, so important. And we're also grateful to be joined by somebody who's really worked hard -- his whole life he's worked hard, he gets it. He's a wonderful human being, he's strong, he's tough, he doesn't take no for an answer, he's run I hear a really good campaign, not easy.
It's not easy, nothing's easy, but he is somebody that -- he gets it and you're going to be so happy. You're going to be so happy, so thrilled -- hopefully your next Senator Jim Renacci.
He's a fighter, he's a fighter, real fighter. Be a tremendous Senator. Now, I don't know -- they'll say this is nepotism, but the truth is she's a very, very -- you're not allowed to use the word beautiful anymore when you talk about women, you're not allowed, no no. It's -- it's politically incorrect. No no, it's politically -- I will never call a woman beautiful again, and every man here -- every man here, raise your hand, you will never, ever say your wife, your girlfriend, anybody is beautiful, right?
So I'm not allowed to say it because -- because it's my daughter Ivanka, but she's really smart and she's here. Should I bring her up? Come on. Ivanka, come up.
OK, all right. I never said she was beautiful, but she was smart. I'll tell you what, always like a great student -- always a great student. And I remember when she graduated from the Wharton School of Finance, some of her classmates came up and said -- I don't know if I like this, they said Mr. Trump, she doesn't even try and she gets good marks, she gets these great marks.
And there's something OK about that, too, but she has been a wonderful daughter, I have to tell you. She's been a wonderful, wonderful daughter, and her big thing is creating jobs in our country. She's done it so much. She goes all over, she meets with companies, she's creating five, six million -- workforce, where they're training people that have never done this, and I think they're up to almost six million people right now being trained by the companies, cause the companies can do it better than the government, right?
And it's more specific. So she has been incredible. Thank you, Ivanka. Finally, tomorrow the people of Ohio are going to elect an outstanding new Governor and Lieutenant Governor. They got together, they were smart. That was pretty smart, right? They got together, they went head-to-head, and then all of a sudden they got together.
How smart, we should see more of that in this country, shouldn't we? Think of it. Mike DeWine and Jon Husted, they got together, the two top candidates, they called it a merger. Mike DeWine has spent his entire life fighting for Ohio families. He loves this state. He will keep your jobs going way up, and you know what?
I'll work hard either way, but it helps when you have a Governor who somebody likes that happens to be President, don't you think? You know? Maybe you take his call instead of not taking his call when they need help for something and we help a lot. But he's working on your taxes and always -- he wants those taxes to go way down, and they will be because we have so much business coming in. And he will always support our brave military.
He loves our veterans, he loves our military and he loves our law enforcement. Mike's opponent, who was in my administration for a short while, who was by the way terrible -- terrible, is a far left radical socialist named Richard Cordray, and not a good person. He was hand-picked and he's a disciple of Elizabeth Warren, who I can no longer call Pocahontas because she has no Indian blood.
She has no Indian blood. I used to go around saying I have more Indian blood than you do, and I have none, and I was right. I mean the only bad thing about that is that I can't really, legitimately call her Pocahontas anymore because the press will say I'm misrepresenting, right? OK, OK, I'll call her Pocahontas anyway, right?
We won't give up that name. That name is -- that name is too good to give up. It's too good. But this Cordray guy literally -- she grabbed him and put him there -- spent the last six years in Washington crushing people, crushing community banks, destroying small businesses and destroying jobs. He also, in a big scandal, spent nearly $250 million of federal money to renovate a headquarters agency that the government doesn't even own.
It's a lease. And more than twice what the entire building was worth, and the escalators or the elevators, I hear, cost -- they're the most expensive elevators in the history of the world, let's put it that way. They're the most expensive elevators. I heard the price. I said, "That doesn't sound right." Now, Cordray wants to bring his socialist, job-killing crusade, and destroy the state of Ohio.
Cordray's anti-worker -- and he is anti-worker, and he's anti-business -- extremism will drive your state into poverty. And we have another one like this in the state of Florida. I don't even know if he's as bad as Cordray, you want to know the truth. He just doesn't know what the hell he's doing. This one does.
And he's going to drive your taxes right through the roof. Cordray will destroy Ohio, and destroy its miners and its steelworkers, and everybody else. Mark my words. I hope I don't have to come back, because that means a bad thing happened tomorrow. If you want a safe and prosperous future for Ohio, vote for Mike DeWine.
Come on up, Mike. Come on up. 
Thank you, Mike. He's a good man. I just say that's a good man who loves you and he's going to take good care. If Democrats gained power on Tuesday, one of their very first projects will be a socialist takeover of American healthcare. You know that. That's why the countries that have those plans, whenever somebody has a couple of bucks in their pocket gets sick, they come to the United States to have the operation or to get better.
The Democrat plan would obliterate Medicare and eliminate Medicare advantage for almost 900,000 Ohio seniors who depend on it. Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors who earned it and, by the way, who paid for it. They paid for it. And Republicans will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always, always.
Democrats plan to destroy healthcare, also includes raiding Medicare to fund benefits for illegal immigrants. How do you like that Ohio? Does Ohio like that? I don't think so. We know the people of Ohio too well. As we speak, Democrats are open encouraging millions of illegal aliens to violate our law and break into our country, and they want to sign them up for free welfare, free healthcare, free education, and, of course, the right to vote, the right to vote! And it's the right to vote that they like the best.
They want them to be able to vote. There's only one way to end this lawless assault on our dignity, our sovereignty, and on our borders, and that's by voting tomorrow Republican. Illegal immigration costs our country more than $100 billion every single year, and that's more than the budget of Ohio, Montana, and Wyoming combined, all places I've been.
We have great races in those places. I think you're going to see some very good results. Not only do the Democrat's open border policies drain our Treasury, but they endanger every American community and endanger them like you wouldn't believe. Nearly 100 percent of the heroin coming into the United States enters through the southern border along with roughly 90 percent of cocaine, the majority of meth, and a substantial portion of deadly fentanyl.
These drugs kill more than 70,000 Americans a year, destroy hundreds of thousands of lives, and by the way, Ohio knows it better than almost any other state in the union. Last year alone, our brave ICE officers arrested more than 127,000 -- think of that. This is -- they want to fire them. They don't want ICE.
Even Jim Jordan would be afraid of some of these ICE people, right? Maybe not. No, no. He's not -- he's not a good example, but maybe. But they're tough and they're strong and they're patriots like him. But they're patriots. So listen to this 127,000 aliens with criminal records were thrown out last year or put in prison by ICE who else is going to do that?
Who else? Including those charged or convicted of approximately 48,000 assaults, 12,000 sex crimes, and 1,800 homicides. Other than that, you know, they're very nice people, very nice people. Other than that, they're very fine people. Hey, by the way, you think we're letting that caravan come into this country, you can forget it. But the Democrats want to abolish ICE.
They want America to be a giant sanctuary city for drug dealers, predators, and blood thirsty MS-13 killers. Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law biding Americans, not criminal aliens. Republicans will always stand with the heroes of ICE, border patrol, and your great law enforcement, and you really do have great law enforcement in this state.
Thank you all. Thank you. This election is about safety and this election is about prosperity. For years you watched as we let foreign countries plunder our wealth, shutter our factories, and steal our jobs like we're babies -- like we're little babies. But those days are over, Ohio. Because as everybody is seeing and as everybody is pointing out even to them back there, America is respected again.
America is respected. We've added nearly half a million manufacturing jobs since the election. Last month alone, we added another 32,000 manufacturing jobs. One month -- that's 1,000 new manufacturing jobs every single day. And you remember the previous administration -- I'm being nice. The previous administration said manufacturing jobs will never come back to this country, right?
And I used to say, "what does he mean by that one?" They're never coming back. He said you'd need a magic wand. Well, we found the magic wand. We found it. I recently announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal, one of the worst trade deals every made in the history of the world, with and incredible, brand new U.S-Mexico-Canada agreement.
It's all done. The USMCA is a giant victory for Ohio farmers and factory workers, a giant victory, a giant victory. You're not going to have your companies leaving anymore, firing everybody, moving to Mexico or Canada, sending their product in here tax free. We end up with empty factories and no jobs. That's not happening anymore.
We have taken historic action to bring back American jobs by cracking down on China's very abusive, very unfair trade practices, and we are doing very well I want to tell you. They want to make a deal and that could happen. That could happen. You know, we're right now taxing them on $250 billion worth of goods that they're sending to us. They're not happy, but they want to make a deal.
Could -- really it could go much higher. We could add another two -- I guess we could add another -- I won't even say it. You know what it'll be a big story if I say it. Should I say it? I'm not going to say it. If I say it, it's a big story. If we say it, it's a big story. All right, let's put it this way.
It's a lot of money left, but you know what? I have a great relationship with President Xi of China, and I think we have a real good chance of working something out that's a great deal for us and works for everybody. And if we don't, I'll be honest. I'm extremely happy with our position, extremely. After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country and we are doing it with American steel and American aluminum.
Thanks to our tariffs and taxes and trade policies which are tough, American steel mills are roaring back to life. Do you see it? Do you believe it? It's one of the biggest business stories. They don't like to report it, but these are minor details. I'm reporting it, OK? They're roaring back to life. They were dead.
The steel industry was very close to being over the cliff dead. It was hanging on by a thread -- by a whisker, and they are coming back. It's one of the really great business stories of the year because I stopped and I tax the dumping of garbage steel that they're dumping all over our country, putting our steel mills out of business.
And we're going to get the iron ore and the miners are going to get it for them, and it's going to come from places like Minnesota where they have the finest in the world, and it's going to come down into Ohio and so many other places because right here in Ohio, Nucor -- great company, big, big, but steel was going the wrong way -- has just announced an $85 million upgrade in Marion.
Charter Steel announced a new $150 million steel mill in Cuyahoga Heights. JSW Steel -- by the way, you know this is sort of a  because you haven't had an announcement like this is 25 years, 30 years, and some cases it's brand new. They're not even doing the renovation deal. They're doing brand new.
JSW Steel is restarting the furnace and investing $500 million in Mingo Junction. And by the way, this is just what's happening to Ohio. This is going on all over the country. And Cleveland-Cliffs announced a new $700 million plant going to start right away in Toledo, Ohio. Toledo. Pretty amazing. Everyday is promises made, promises kept.
That's what it is. Promises made, promises kept. You know, I've actually kept more promises than I've made. When did you ever hear that from a politician? Maybe never. Never. So I've done things that we never even talked about on the campaign. Many, many things. We've also taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs.
You see what's going on. And Pfizer and Novartis and a lot of the big companies agreed to reduce their prices after I cut. I called them up and they were great. They were great. They reduced their prices! Did you ever hear what president calls a drug company, "I'd like you to reduce your prices to ." You think Hillary would do that?
I don't think so. I don't think so. We have just introduced new affordable healthcare plans that are really incredible, lower priced than this horrible Obamacare, which we really have decimated and kept your premiums down by doing it, and we got rid of the individual mandate that costs nearly 60 percent.
You have to see this. The individual mandate -- how many people are happy that we cut out the individual mandate? The worst part of Obamacare, and we're working very hard. We're going to be the ones that solve the healthcare. We have already come close to doing it. We passed Veterans Choice giving our veterans the right to see a doctor... a private doctor right down the road instead of waiting for two, three, four weeks, instead of waiting for two months.
What happened was horrible. And now you see a private doctor, we pay for the costs of that private doctor, and our veterans are taken care of immediately. They don't have to wait in line. They've been trying to do that for over 40 years. I though it was my idea until I went back. I said, "I have a great idea.
We're going to have private doctors take care of our vets because they can't wait three, four, five weeks." And my people said, "sir, we've been trying to do that for 40 years." I said, "you know what? I'm good at getting approvals. Let's go get it." And we got it! We got it. Right? We got it. Our vets are being taken care of first time.
They don't have to wait in line. If they see a wait, they go run down to that doctor. You know, it's interesting. We save -- it's so unimportant compared to taking care of our vets -- but secondarily, we save a lot of money. We save a lot of money because we have vets that go in and they're not badly ill, not badly -- not a big problem.
It takes so long to see a doctor they end up being terminally ill and it's a horrible thing. Now they take care of it right away. I love it. And we also passed the VA Accountability Law to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans can be held accountable. You're fired! Get out! Get out! We secured $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States Military stronger than it's ever been before.
And thanks to our $2 billion investment in new armored vehicle workers at the legendary tank plant in Lima -- Lima, Ohio. Where are they? Do you have any of those? They're very happy people. Where are they? Yes. They're very happy. Lima, Ohio are now back on the job churning out the best tank anywhere in the world, the M1 Abrams tank, so the best anywhere in the world, best in the world.
At my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American Armed Forces, called the Space Force. Very important. And I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal. We have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
And it wasn't supposed to be built, they thought, for 20 years. But I got it built in three months so we saved $1 billion, OK. It's already open. We took a building already located in one of our sights, which we had for nothing, we renovated it, it costs $500,000 or less. And we have a beautiful embassy.
It was supposed to cost $1.1 billion. I think it's better, because the location we have is better than the location we had to buy for a fortune. So anyway, little things, little things. That's called real estate, right. It's already open, it's already open. Together, we have made extraordinary progress, and we are just getting started.
This is the greatest political movement in the history of our country, and it's your movement. It's all of us together. It's your movement, not mine. It's your movement. And you got to keep the movement going tomorrow, because if we don't do reasonably well -- you know we're at a disadvantage because they say that two times in many, many, many years, they had positive results, whoever's in the White House, for whatever reason.
But nobody in the White House has ever had the greatest economy in the history of our country. Nobody's had that, right. So it should be different. And look at the people in this room and the thousands that are outside that are watching this on screens. You know, this is a happening. Something's going on. I really look forward -- I really look forward to seeing it. And there are a couple of honest polls that are showing some very, very good promise tomorrow.
So let's see what happens tomorrow, but we have to keep it going. Two years ago, we shocked the Washington establishment and stunned the world, when we defied the pundits and the critics, we rejected them and the failures of the corrupt status quo and elected government that finally put -- we are now doing it. We're putting America first.
It's very simple, putting America first. America first.  And every day since the failed old ruling class have been trying to claw their way back into power, our political opponents have been on a relentless campaign of obstruction, resisting, demolishing, defaming and trying to destroy.
They're not doing too well. They're not doing too well, and we're not going to let them do too well. These are corrupt people. Tuesday is your chance to send a message to the Democrat mob and to everyone who has made it their mission to denigrate our movement and to divide our great nation. Not going to happen.
Tomorrow, with your votes, you can stop the radical resistance in its tracks. I look forward to seeing what happens because something is going on. You understand? Does that make sense, right? Something is going on, and they are not happy back there. The media is not happy. They are not happy. They never report this.
They don't report these crowds, they don't report this stuff. They never say -- they'll say, "Donald Trump, President Trump was in Ohio today. He made a speech in front a few thousand people." You know. Right? That's what they say. It's the most unbelievable thing. For years, you've watched as your leaders apologize for America.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values, we are standing up for the great state of Ohio, and we are proudly standing up for our national anthem. I am asking every citizen from every party and every background and every race, color and creed to reject the Democrat politics of anger and division and to unite behind our proud and righteous destiny as Americans.
It's our destiny. I need you to get your family, get your friends, get your neighbors, get your coworkers and go out and vote Republican, vote for Jim Renacci, Jon Husted and Mike DeWine. Loyal citizens like you help build this country, and together, we are taking back our country, returning power to where it belongs, with you, the American people.
That's what this is all about. This great state was built by tough frontier men and strong pioneer women who braved the wilderness to build a life and a home with their own two hands. They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury, but they all had one thing in common. They loved their families, they loved their country and they loved their God.
Religious liberty. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy, tear down our history and destroy our proud American heritage. From the farm fields of Ohio to the big sky of Montana, from the deserts of Nevada to the everglades of Florida, from the coal mines of West Virginia to the steel mills of Indiana and in every city and town all across our land, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win.
We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight onto victory. Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue! We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And Ohio, together we will make America wealthy again.
We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Ohio. Thank you.
So we have a tremendous crowd of people waiting. It's packed outside, as you'll be able to see. But it's -- they've never seen crowds like this over here. And there's something going on that's really positive for the Republicans. We'll see tomorrow, but there's something going on. And Mike Braun has become well known. He's highly respected. And we're going over now to do a rally with Mike.
Well, I think the stakes are like everywhere else. In Indiana, they like our candidate. It's really about the candidate. But if they want to give me the credit or the liability, I'll be willing to take it. But we have a great, great group of candidates.
And Mike Braun, he's right at the top. He's done - he's run a brilliant campaign. Polls just came out; he's actually leading by a little bit. But I don't want to tell Mike that because maybe he'll slow up for the last couple of hours.
But I know him too well. He'll never do that.
But it's a great race. It's a great race. It's a great state. I won it by a lot, and Mike is going to have a big victory. Okay?
We'll just have to work a little bit differently. It'll all work out. But I don't think that's going to happen. I think we're doing very well in the House. I think we're doing very well in the Senate. There is something going on, okay? I'm just telling you, we all left Ohio together -- you never saw crowds like this. Thousands and thousands of people outside. In Indiana, you have to see the crowds. And I just got a call from Missouri. We're going to have -- Rush Limbaugh is going to introduce me, which is an honor. And I just had a call from Missouri. They say they've never seen anything like it.
So it's really something. Something is happening. There's a lot of electricity in the air. Let's see what happens. Right, Mike?
No, I don't care. They can do whatever they want, and I can do whatever I want.
Thank you all very much. Thank you.
Wow. Wow. Wow.  Thank you very much, Georgia. This is like being at a Georgia football game. This is incredible. Wow. Man. I only wish the media was back about 200 yards so that all those people behind them could see. And we have 15,000 people in a different location. I think Brian's going to do very well.
Going to do very well. I'm thrilled to be back in this great state that, by the way, we won very easily in 2016. With thousands of hard-working and wonderful American patriots. And that's what you are. In just two days, the people of Georgia are going to elect Brian Kemp... as your next governor to protect your jobs, defend your borders, fight for your values and continue to make America great again.
This is one of the most important elections of our lifetime. This is a very important election. I wouldn't say it's as important as 2016, but it's right up there. It's right up there. It really is. It's become so incredible and there is electricity in the air like I haven't seen since the 2016 big victory that we all had together.
Incredible electricity. And in fact, speaking of that, could I ask -- look at this. It's like the Academy Awards. Look at how many cameras. Could I ask you to turn around and shoot? They don't have to do this with other celebrities when they come here that don't have very big crowds. Look at the people back there.
Shoot it. You've got to shoot it. Turn around. Turn around. Turn the cameras around. They never turn them around, folks. They never turn them around. They never turn them around. This crowd goes way, way, way back into the field. This is incredible. This is incredible and I really wish the fake news media would show the crowds because they don't do it. They always go, Donald Trump gave a speech today in front of a nice crowd.
There have never been crowds like this, just so you understand, in the history of politics. You've never had crowds like this for midterm elections. There's never been crowds like this. But you know, all the people, a lot of them watching on television, they get great ratings, at least this speech does. I can't say about the other ones because they don't get great ratings, but you know what?
They get it because they hear the noise. You can't duplicate when you have 20,000, 25,000, 30,000 people, you can't duplicate that sound with 500 people like that are showing up to other rallies. You know, for two years, we had -- we've had big crowds from the beginning, right? And by the way, you remember, we never left and it's we not me. It's we. We're apart.
We're all the same. We. We never left center stage. You know what that means, right? We were always in first place and then we went against crooked Hillary and we did very well there also But we never left center stage.  What a group. What a group. You're great people. You're great people.
I want to tell you, you built this country, folks. You built this country. You're great people. But we never did. We never left center stage. Every debate, I was right in the middle. That meant you always had the highest number. You always had the highest number. You were always at -- and I always insisted on having an odd number in the debate.
Do you know why? Because I wanted to be center. I didn't want there to be two people center, right? Does that make ... Does that make sense? It makes sense. And during our rallies, we always had these massive, the biggest -- the biggest they've ever seen. And I always used to say, "Turn the camera around and show." They never did because they're fake news.
They don't want to show. And I'd always say, "Turn the camera around." And I'll never forget. I went through four or five and they just wouldn't show these massive crowds from the very beginning, right? Right from the beginning. And then what happened is there were some protesters in one rally, like two people that live in a basement of their parents' house.
And I thought the camera was very new and you couldn't change them. You know, they're very rigid. There's steel stuff and you couldn't change them. You couldn't turn the. And then we had a little protest in the back corner which was impossible for a camera to see. And those cameras, they looked like pretzels the way they turned.
When they saw trouble, they were able to turn, but that's the way the press treats us and I hope you show the real crowd that's here today. And I hope you show ... And I hope you show the thousands of people that are in other part of the airport watching this on television. Thousands and thousands of additional people.
They'll say, "President Trump and former president Obama had wonderful crowds." Let's sort of -- let's sort of come in. But this election will decide whether we build on this extraordinary prosperity that we've created. Did you see the numbers on Friday? Did you see those numbers? Or whether we let the radical Democrats take a giant wrecking ball to our economy and to our future.
America now has the best economy in the history of our country. And it can be destroyed very quickly. That's why you have to get to the polls. In the last month alone, we added 250,000 jobs and that is despite the hurricane, which also hit a chunk of Georgia. Those Georgia farmers, I met with them. I was with Sonny Perdue... our great Agricultural Secretary and I met with a lot of the farmers and these are great people.
I'll never forget it, actually. These are great, great people and one of them said, "Sir, I've been growing cotton for 25 years. This is the best crop I've ever grown. I had some problems over the last two or three years, but this is going to take care of all of my problems." And then the hurricane came and in four hours there was nothing left and it was true.
There was nothing. It was gone. All the best cotton that I've ever grown. Now, I assume that's a man that knows cotton and I'm saying what does the best cotton mean? If I ever said that, they'd say, "What is he talking about?" The best cotton I've ever seen. Sounded like Trump actually. But -- but he meant this was the best crop he's ever grown and it was good and then boom, it was gone.
And I told Sonny Perdue who loves you, who was your governor, as you know... and a popular governor. And a popular governor. I guess he'd still be governor if they didn't have term limits. Sonny was a great, popular governor and he's now the Secretary of Agriculture and I told him, "We're helping those farmers in Georgia." And by the way, Alabama got hit.
Florida, did Florida get hit or what? And we're helping them all. We're helping our farmers a lot. In addition to the deal we made with Canada, Mexico, it's a -- we're helping our farmers. We're going to get them over this because they got really hit hard. They got wiped out and we're going to help them.
Great people. Great people. Since election day, we have created 4.5 million new jobs... and we have lifted 4.3 million people off of food stamps. Think of that. Jobless claims in Georgia just fell to their lowest level in 45 years. More Georgia workers are employed today then at any time or any point in American history.
Think of that. You want to see that end quickly? You want to see Georgia prosperity end quickly? Vote for the Democrat. She'll end it quickly. She will end it quickly and she'll double up your taxes and a lot of bad things will happen. We passed a massive tax cut for Georgia families and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle-class.
We're working on that now. Here in Georgia, the great news just keeps rolling in. Jobs are going up. Crime is going down. Wages are rising, first time in many years. You saw that in the report on Friday. Poverty is plummeting and confidence is at an all-time high. Other than that, we're not doing very well.
Under Republican leadership, Georgia is safer, Georgia is stronger and Georgia is winning like never before. And I'll tell you what, I know Brian. He will take it to new heights, heights that you wouldn't even believe. I know him. This guy doesn't stop, which is what you want. He's an incredible manager.
He's been successful all the way up and down the line. This man will bring it to heights that you wouldn't believe, even today with those great numbers. And to protect your rights and freedoms, we overcame the Democrat smear campaign and confirmed the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
 Boy, did he get treated badly. The Democrats treated him so badly, so unfair. And did you see what happened on Friday? You know what I'm talking about,right? They knew -- you knew that before. You knew that these three women, they knew that before. They knew that a long time ago. So, a woman, who accused then Judge Kavanaugh of horrible, horrible crimes... admitted that actually she never met Judge Kavanaugh or Brett Kavanaugh or Kavanaugh period.
Never met him, never saw him and the act never happened and it was a lie. It was a total lie. She made up the story and she was forced to admit it.  It was a false accusation, it was a false statement and she was forced to admit it. Can you imagine? This man, for 10 years, I wasn't -- who knew I was going to do this?
I was happily building buildings in Manhattan, having a good time, having a nice, simple life. A nice, simple life ... And then I said to my beautiful first lady ... And I said, "What the hell. Let's give it a shot," and look what happened. Look what happened. And look what happened. Now, and we're doing -- we're doing things for our country that haven't been done in 100 years.
What we're doing, we're turning it around. By the way, when I came in -- actually this happens all the time, but when I came in backstage, a very powerful, strong guy was saying ...  Thank you very much. A very, very powerful guy, a big strong guy, with tears coming down on his face said, "Thank you, Mr. President for saving our country." This happens all the time.
This happens all the time. Thank you. Tears, tears. I said, "When was the last time you cried?" He said, "I don't know that I ever cried." Even as a baby, this guy didn't cry, but he was crying backstage. I mean, tears are coming down, thanking me. And it's true. We turned the country around. The country was going down.
But think in terms of Justice Kavanaugh. Think if he didn't get the appointment based on this woman's false accusations. Think of it. Think of it. Just think of it, how horrible that was. I think this was number four. And by the way, what about the other ones? How about the other ones, folks? This was number four.
You'll see others now, but how about the other ones? But, listen to this. So supposing this was the final straw and the Democrats who were -- who were so bad, who were so disrespectful, who were so horrible, right? How about the leak? How about Dianne Feinstein with the leak? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know about the leak Remember?
Remember when she went, "No, I don't know. Did we leak? did we leak?" John Cornyn asked the question. He asked her, boom, "Did you leak?" "No. No, let me check. No. No, we didn't leak. We didn't." I always say that may be the worst body language I've ever seen in my life, right? She leaked. In other words, she leaked.
But it was terrible the way he got treated and now this woman comes forward, says, "I never met him and it was a false story, false statements. I lied." She said, "I lied," and he could have lost a judgeship on a story that was made up and the way the Democrats treated him and us, you've got to get to the polls on Tuesday and you've got to vote.
The contrast in this election could not be more clear. Republicans produce jobs. Democrats produce mobs. You've heard that. You've seen it. You've seen it. You've seen it. Antifa. They the helmet off and they take the arm bands and you see these little arms, you see these little arms. And then you see the clubs in their hands.
You know, they're tough guys, right? Where are the bikers for Trump? Where are the police? Where are the military? Where are the ICE? Where are the border patrol? No. No. We've taken a lot. We've taken a lot, folks. But, you see these guys, you take off their helmet, their black helmet, their black outfit with the pads.
They're all tough guys and they're swinging clubs viciously. They couldn't care less who they hit. These are bad people. These are people causing problems and the press doesn't want to talk about them. If the radical resistance, and that's what they are, radical resistance, takes power, they will move immediately to reverse America's progress and to eradicate all of the gains that we've made.
The Democrat party wants to raise your taxes, restore immediately job killing regulations. They want to take away and destroy your health care because that's what's going to happen, impose socialism and totally erase America's borders. How about that caravan? Do you want to let that caravan just pour in? I don't think so. So we started the wall.
$1.6 billion. Another $1.6 billion just approved. We're building it in pieces and chunks, but I want to build it all at one time. In the meantime, you saw last week I called up the United States military. We're not playing games, folks. There's no games. Because you look at what's marching up, that's an invasion.
That's not -- that's an invasion. And a lot of things happening. You know, ask yourself, how do you think that formed? And did you see the second caravan?And we pay these countries, by the way, Honduras, El Salvador, we pay these countries hundreds of millions of dollars which, by the way, we'll be stopping very soon, OK? They don't do a damn thing.
They don't do a damn thing for us. We called up -- I asked Vice President Mike Pence to call up the head of Honduras, to call up the heads of all -- he called them. He said, "Listen, we don't want you to allow the formation of caravans in your country. We pay you hundreds of millions of dollars a year, which is probably just stolen, and we don't want it. And you know what?
Absolutely, we will fight -- in the meantime, nothing. They do nothing for us. Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan of a legal aliens to pour into our country. These are the same caravans that have violently overrun Mexican soldiers and police. You saw this. We're not dealing with babies here, folks.
You know, every time I say, "You have some rough people in there," the media says, "How dare you. We want to see proof." Well, they gave you 300 names yesterday. These are rough, rough people in many cases and if they're allowed to breakthrough our borders, only larger and bigger, we have emboldened these people.
It's not going to happen. And by the way, you saw how good our military -- they got off those planes. I had so many calls and I had so many people ... And we look at those soldiers and you saw that barbed wire going up, that barbed wire. Yes, sir. We have barbed wire going up because you know what? We're not letting these people invade our country.
We want them to come in. We want them to come in, but they have to come in legally. They have to come in legally. And that's why I'm sending a message today to the caravans, to the criminals, to the human traffickers -- do you believe, human trafficking, because of the internet. is more prevalent today than it ever was in the history of our world.
This is a worldwide, unbelievable problem. Who would think we're talking about this? You think of that from 500 years ago. Because of the internet, worse today than it's ever been. And we're not letting in the smugglers. So turn back now because you're not coming into the United States unless you go through the process.
Turn back. So if you want more caravans and you want more crime, vote Democrat. It's very simple. If you want strong borders and safe communities, vote Republican. And by the way, I saw him backstage. I said I'm going to bring him out just for a second. He's a really good guy. I met him years ago and I know you really like him.
He's a Georgia legend who truly knows about winning. He led the Georgia team to a national championship. Coach Vince Dooley. Vince, come up here, coach.
Thank you, coach. Thank you, coach. And the coach is right about the great Herschel Walker. He has given me his support from day one and I understand he just endorsed Brian. And Herschel, you couldn't stop Herschel. Remember that? I remember in his day at Georgia, they wrote a ballad, right? The ballad to Herschel Walker.
It was pretty easy to coach that team, though, coach. What you did is you took the snap and handed it to Herschel. Ten yards, 10 yards, 20 yards, 30 yards. And then everyone on that team went into the NFL. They said, well -- but I'll tell you, Herschel Walker's been great and he's been a tremendous friend of all of us. And that was some football player.
And you have a great team this year, but... but -- but having Herschel, wouldn't be bad, right? Having Herschel. Thank you very much. And we're grateful to be joined also by a man who's really done a terrific job as your governor, Nathan Deal. Nathan? Thank you, Nathan. Thank you, Nathan. Nathan Deal. Thank you, Nathan.
And here with us today is a man we all know. He has been such a tremendous help to me and the United States Senate. Whenever there's something tough, everybody tends tends to go to David Perdue because he gets it done. Thank you, David. Thank you very much. Thanks, David. What a great guy. And also Sonny Perdue.
Where is Sonny? Where is Sonny? Where the hell -- Sonny, you've done a great job. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Sonny. Great job, sonny. We're going to get the money for those farmers in Georgia, Sonny? We may have to come up with some new rules, but we'll get you there, right, Sonny? We'll get you there because what's not -- you know, it's amazing.
You know what's amazing? We give billions and billions of dollars to these foreign countries that don't give a damn about us and we can't get a couple of bucks to farmers that got wiped out by a hurricane and we're going to take care of our farmers ... In Alabama, South Carolina, North Carolina, OK? I just put a lot of pressure on Sonny, but he can handle it, right?
He can handle it, David, right? And we are joined by many fantastic Republican members of Congress. I hear they're all doing very well. They don't even have to be introduced. They're doing really well, but you know what? Let's not take a chance. Go out and vote. I've heard before how well people are doing and then, you know, people say, "We don't have to. They're doing so well," and then bad things happen.
Go out and vote. Congressman Buddy Carter ... Buddy, thank you, Buddy. Thank you, Buddy. A terrific guy. All of them. These people helped us so much with tax cuts and regulation cuts. Congressman Drew Ferguson. Drew ... Thanks, Drew. Great job, Drew. Austin Scott. Thanks, Austin. He's got the make farmers great again hat.
He's got the green hat. That's called make farmers great again. That's what we've done with our new deals with Canada, with South Korea, with Mexico. Remember, they said we wouldn't get them done? We got them done and they understood, if we didn't get them done, we were just going to have to tariff all their product coming in, so we got them done.
And they were great Jody Hice. Jody. Great job. Thank you for all of the help. Thanks, Jody. Great job. Barry Loudermilk. Barry. These are all guys -- they're winning by so much. Usually, I have to tell long stories about each one. In other words, get -- with these guys -- but you still want people to get out and vote, right?
right, Barry? Rick Allen. Rick. Rick. Thanks, Rick. Thanks, Rick. And Tom Graves. Great people. Thank you, Tom. Thank you. You have great people. If you don't want to be saying "Speaker Pelosi" for the next two years... get out and vote. And I will tell you, you don't hear this thing too much about the blue wave anymore, do you notice?
You know, about a month ago, two months ago, I was hearing about this horrendous blue wave. It's going to sweep us all out. It's going to be terrible. I haven't heard the term "blue wave," but you better get out and vote, otherwise I'm going to look very bad with this statement, right? This Tuesday, the people of Georgia are going to head to the polls to choose your next governor and I think most of you know how important that decision will be. Brian Kemp is an incredible fighter and a tireless champion for the people and for the values of Georgia and he was with me right from the beginning.
I read an article. They said, "He was with Trump from the moment he was Donald Trump and Melania come down the escalator in Trump Tower. That's when he was with him." I like those people. He will keep your jobs and wages rising, which is what's happening. He will provide great schools and health care for your loved ones and he will keep your family safe.
So important. Brian will always stand behind our military and he has. He will stand behind our vets. More importantly, he loves our vets. He's talked to -- he talks to me about the vets. He talks to me about the vets a lot. Sometimes I say, "Brian, we've got to talk about another subject. Please, Brian." And we got Veterans' Choice passed, by the way.
He's always behind our police and our law enforcement and he will never let anything bad happen to our second amendment, which, believe me, is under siege. Our second amendment. Our second amendment. If Stacey Abrams gets in, your second amendment is... is gone, gone. Stacey and her friends will get rid of it. You wouldn't mind if somebody comes knocking on your door, "Please, I'd like to have your guns turned over to government." Take your guns away.
Please give us all guns right now. Brian's opponent, Stacey Abrams, is one of the most extreme, far left politicians in the entire country. You know that. She wants to raise your income tax very substantially. She wants to raise your property tax very substantially, right through the roof. She supports a socialist takeover of health care which means you will never be able to see your doctor, just like the vets never got to see their doctor and just like President Obama -- I'm going to be very nice -- did not tell the truth when he says you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan.
He said it 28 times ... And it wasn't true. You put Stacey in there and you're going to have Georgia turn into Venezuela. I don't think the people of Georgia like that. And Stacey Abrams, and I spoke to law enforcement, I spoke to everybody, is really weak on crime, really weak on crime. That's not what you need.
She wants to end the death penalty... for even the most vicious and ruthless killers. Stacey Abrams voted against tougher penalties for violent criminals who assault our police officers. Stacey Abrams wants to turn your wonderful state into a giant sanctuary city for criminal aliens... putting innocent Georgia families at the mercy of hardened criminals and predators.
Abrams voted in favor of allowing illegal aliens to receive public benefits. That's wonderful. She even -- listen to this -- voted to let illegal aliens hold public office. Isn't that wonderful? And Stacey Abrams wants illegal aliens to vote. You know, that's one of the big deals here. They like them coming in because we're winning and they figure if enough of them come in, eventually they'll be able to vote and they're going to vote for the Democrats, right?
We can't let this happen. For other reasons, too, but we can't let that happen. She opposed requiring proof of American citizenship at the ballot box... and she recently said she wants illegal aliens to be part of her blue wave. I think her blue wave's not going to happen. And she brought Oprah here to help her.
And you know, Oprah was a friend of mine until I ran for office. Once I ran for office, we diverged slightly. In fact. you know what? I think the media will check this. Look at all those cameras. That's terrible. A lot of people said, it should be frightening every day having to speak in front -- and they're looking.
One little mistake, one little stutter, one little accidentally saying a wrong word, it's a major headline. It's a major headline. One little ... One little, tiny -- a little bit of a mispronunciation of a word, it's front-page news all over the world. You know what? You know what? The bottom line, just don't make any mistakes.
 But anyway, so Oprah -- and Oprah's been down to Mar-a-Lago and honestly, we did. Until I ran for office, we were actually -- we did very well. We had a good relationship and I like Oprah. But you know what you don't know? Oprah, when she ended her show, had her five most important people, I assume, her last week.
You remember the last week? Well, I was on her full show in the last week. I think they're trying to burn the tape. Are they trying to burn the tape? But Oprah was here to endorse Stacey and I'm here to endorse Brian. And you know what? I hope you're going to listen to my endorsement. Stacey Abrams will make your schools and neighborhoods unsafe and she will make your jobs disappear like magic.
You know the magic wands that President Obama said, "You'll never get your manufacturing jobs back. You'd need a magic wand." Well, we did. We did. But all of these reasons and maybe the best reason of all, he's a great leader, he's a strong man, he's a strong personality, which you need, and he is somebody that will be a great governor of Georgia.
Brian Kemp, please come up. 
Beautiful. Wow.  But it is true. I generally have been working for getting great senators elected, been working with David and everybody else, but we're going for the senators. We do whatever we can for the congressmen and women and we've done that. But I haven't done too much for governors.
This is an important race for Georgia. I'm here -- I am here for Brian because the governor of Georgia means so much to our country, our country. So you've got to get out there. You've got to get out there. And this is a very worthwhile stop. In addition, I happen to like the people of Georgia very much, so it's not so bad.
It gives me a good excuse to say hello. If Democrats gain power on Tuesday, one of their very first projects will be the socialist takeover of American health care. You know what that means? It means long waits... and bad service and a lot of problems. And we'll go over that because they possibly will come up with that hopefully in their campaign.
The remaining left-leaning person, they'll come up with that and you'll see what happens. You will not be happy. The Democrat plan would obliterate Medicare, it'll eliminate Medicaid Advantage for more than 635,000 Georgia seniors who depend on it. Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it. And by the way, people don't realize this, who have paid for it. Thank you.
And very importantly, Republicans will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. We're doing it. But Democrats like to spread false rumors. They're the ones that won't be able to because there will be nothing left when your system is obliterated. The Democrats plan to destroy health care. Also includes raiding Medicare to fund benefits for all of the illegal immigrants that they want to pour into our country.
As we speak, Democrats are openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders and destroy our nation, essentially, because, you know what? Without borders, we don't have a nation. We don't have a nation. The incredible thing, is over the years, we've been fighting so hard for other countries' borders, but we don't protect our own border, but we're protecting it now.
Even with the worst laws -- they are the worst laws. They have given us so little and the Democrats don't want to change the laws because they want this chaos at the borders. They think it's good politically. I personally think it's backfiring on them and I think maybe they made a big mistake. Illegal immigration costs our country far more then $100 billion every single year.
That's more than double the entire state budget of Georgia. And illegal immigration is also deeply unfair to American workers, including African-American and Hispanic-American. You know that. African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American workers -- not fair. Not only do the Democrats' open border policies drain our treasury, but they endanger every American community and you see that.
You see what's going on. Nearly 100 percent of the heroin in the United States enters through the southern border, along with roughly 90 percent of cocaine, the majority of meth and a substantial portion of the ultra lethal fentanyl killing our youth. These drugs have destroyed hundreds of thousands of lives last year and killed, last year alone, 70,000 Americans.
And they don't want to toughen up the immigration laws. I think they're going to do very poorly at the ballot box, but I may be wrong. And they want to get rid of ICE. Elizabeth Warren wants to get rid of -- I don't -- I can't call her Pocahontas anymore because she has no Indian blood. It's a problem. She has no Indian blood.
I have more than she has and I have none. And I said that a long time ago, before I got -- before she brilliantly sent out the test results. That was not a good test, Elizabeth. That will be great leadership when dealing with North Korea, China, Russia, all of these countries that you have to deal with. That was not good.
Is she still running for president, Brian? Is she still ... I'll tell you, she is pushing a guy up -- a guy up in Ohio who will be a disaster for the state. We want Mike DeWine -- do you know, she's pushing somebody named Cordray in Ohio. He is a disaster. He's worse than she is. Last year alone -- and Ohio was just too smart.
DeWine -- Ohio, if you're listening, DeWine -- they must be listening with all those cameras. DeWine, he'll make a great -- he'll make a great governor. So important. The governorships -- people really don't realize how important governorships are. I mean, they can destroy your state or make your state -- its state really great again.
They can destroy it, and quickly, or make it even better. Last year alone, our brave ICE officers arrested 127,000 aliens with criminal records. Think of that. Including those charged or convicted of approximately 48,000 assaults, 12,000 sex crimes and 1,800 murders. Now, do you believe those numbers? And by the way, ICE, these are really tough people, but they're great.
They love our country and they are going in to towns and cities and places and they are throwing MS-13 gang members the hell out of our country by the thousands, by the thousands. And nobody here wants that job. That's a tough job, but they like it and they do it great. And we're going to protect them. The Democrats want to abolish ICE.
They want to release drug dealers and MS-13 gang members. Remember when Nancy Pelosi got angry at me because she thought I didn't speak well of MS-13 gang members? They cut them up. They go straight into your neighborhoods. We believe that any politician that puts criminal aliens before American citizens needs to be voted out of office very quickly or certainly not voted into office.
Republicans will always stand with the heroes of ICE, the border patrol and law enforcement. And you have great law enforcement in the state of Georgia. That I can tell you. This election is about safety and this election is about jobs. For years, you watched as we let foreign countries plunder our wealth, shut our factories and decimate our industries.
You were victims of it. Many of you were victims of it, but those days are over. We've added nearly a half a million manufacturing jobs and that's going up to almost 600,000 very shortly. Remember, they were the jobs that won't happen anymore. They were the jobs that we would have needed the magic wand. They'll never be brought back.
I'll tell you what, they are. They're among the best jobs any state or country could have and they're pouring in. Last month alone, we added 32,000 manufacturing jobs. That's 1,000 manufacturing jobs every single day. Nobody thought that was possible. I recently announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal with an incredible brand new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement.
The USMCA is a giant victory for Georgia farmers, manufacturers and dairy producers. A tremendous -- and they said it wouldn't happen. It happened. We're opening them up. We've taken the toughest ever action to crackdown on China's abusive trade practices and we're doing very well. That's something that could also happen and if it doesn't happen, we're going to do very well too.
After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. Thank you. Because we are now putting America first. We have also taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs, Secretary Azar. You'll see them come down. You saw a month ago when the drug companies rose their prices very substantially and I said, "Get me the name of the head of Pfizer and Novartis," and I made some calls.
And they immediately dropped their price. "Yes, Mr. President. No, we were only kidding when we gave you that price, sir. We were only kidding, Mr.," -- and that's when I realized how powerful the presidency is. True. No, I thank Pfizer for doing that and Novartis and the others. They did it and it was great.
But you're going to see prices coming down. We're cutting out the middleman, the middleman and woman, I guess, right? We're cutting the middleman and the middlewoman and you know what? I'm going to have a lot of people that hate me really badly, almost as bad as the left, almost as bad as the Democrats, if that's possible.
Almost as bad as the Democrats, but you know what we'll do? We'll blame Russia, OK? We're going to blame Russia. OK? Let's blame Russia. After years of soaring Obamacare premiums, average premiums in Georgia this year are coming down. We're bringing them down. And what did we do? We got rid of the individual mandate which was a disaster for people.
And we very much defanged it and we're running it properly and it's being every week, more and more. We're doing a good job and you notice your premiums are not doing as badly as you ever thought. It's a lot better than you would have thought. We have defanged it and really -- it's being decimated. We actually had it repealed and replaced, but we had one disappointing vote and we didn't get one vote from a Democrat.
We didn't get one vote from a Democrat. Slightly -- that was a slightly disappointing vote, folks, but it doesn't matter because we're now doing it a little bit differently. We're doing it piecemeal and it's working out just fine. We've just introduced new, affordable health care plans for Georgia, individual markets that only cost about half the price of Obamacare and it's, frankly, better insurance.
We passed Veterans' Choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor rather than waiting on line for 10 days, for 20 days, for three months. They see a doctor, they take care of their -- I mean, literally, I say this all the time, people that were modestly ill, it takes them weeks and weeks to see a doctor and by the time they get there, they're terminal.
Think of it. I mean, think of how horrible. Now, they go out, they see a doctor, they take care of themselves, we pay the bill and that's good. Our veterans. That's for our veterans. And not that it matters in this case because the only thing that matters is the vet, but it also happens to save us a lot of money, if you can believe it. They get rid of this big problem and it saves us a lot of money.
You know, they're waiting on line. Sometimes they wait three, four weeks. Can you imagine you can't see your doctor for three or four weeks? And longer. And we also passed the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure everyone and anyone who mistreats our veterans will be held accountable and the minimum we do is say, you're fired.
That's the minimum. We secured $716 billion, and last year $700 billion, to fully rebuild our great United States military. And we gave our incredible warriors their largest pay raise in more than a decade. And at my direction, the pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the american armed forces, the Space Force, which we need.
Which we need badly. We need badly. I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. And Iran's been a much different country. Has Iran been a different country for the last six months? Isn't that incredible? When I came in, it was just a question of how long would it take them to take over the whole Middle East.
They were going to look for the Mediterranean. That was a long ways -- they were for the Mediterranean. They're not looking anymore for the Mediterranean. We have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. We have made extraordinary progress in so many ways, and yet we're just getting started.
But the Democrats want to throw America in reverse and drag us backward to the failures and betrayals of the past, and that's what they were. You look at what's happened to our country over the last long period of time, we are going and were going in the wrong direction. But you know, now, when I have meetings with foreign leaders, with kings and queens and princes, and we meet on occasion with a president and prime minister, every one of them comes into the oval office, practically, and they say, before anything else, "I want to congratulate you on the incredible job you've done with the economy of the United States." Pretty amazing.
And we're ahead of schedule, but I need you to vote for a Republican governor and a Republican congress and we have to get all of those votes. You know, this is the greatest political movement in the history of our country. I don't know if you know it. It is. And we're all a part of it. It's not me. It's all of us. We're together.
But this is the greatest political movement in the history of our country, maybe ever. There's never been anything like this, but we have to keep going because the changes we've made are incredible.  Thank you very much. Now, what we've done in a short period of time -- we're way ahead of schedule, as you know, but we've got it turned and we're starting to really -- it's really getting better and better and we're learning our way around Washington like you wouldn't believe.
It can be a nasty place, but the things we've done -- things we've done -- and everybody says it, including the Democrats when they're are not on television or not talking to a mic. They cannot believe what we've done and they want to stop it as fast as possible, and we're not going to let that happen. With your support, we will keep on cutting your taxes, reducing your regulations and raising up your incomes, which have already gone up a lot over the last two years.
We will protect Medicare and we will protect your social security, just like I've been saying during the debates, right? I talked about your social security and everybody said, we're going to change. Well, I was the one that said we're not, and guess what? There haven't been any changes. We will defend your right to free speech, religious liberty and we will continue to confirm judges who will interpret the constitution of the United States as written.
Two judges. How about Justice Neil Gorsuch? Justice Neil Gorsuch and Justice Kavanaugh, two great people, two great intellects, two great scholars. These are the people we need on our Supreme Court. We will fully secure the borders ...  Thank you. I love you, too, darling.
Accept this. That was a guy, wasn't it? Yes. I love -- I love you anyway. Thank you. Thank you. We will pass case Kate's Law, stop sanctuary cities, stop catch and release and the ridiculous visa lottery and chain migration and we will keep the criminals, traffickers, drug dealers and terrorists the hell out of our country.
We're going to keep them out. We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependents to independence and poverty to prosperity. For years you watched as your leaders apologized for America. They apologized. I saw it, you saw it. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America. We're standing up for your values, we're standing up for Georgia and we are proudly standing up for our national anthem.
I'm asking every citizen from every party, every background -- go ahead. All right.  It sounded too good. I had to let them go forward. I don't think we could have stopped them anyway, do you? Good job. Good job. Thank you, fellas. I'm asking every citizen from every party, every background and every race, color, and creed to reject the Democrat politics and the policies of anger and division and to reclaim our proud and righteous destiny as Americans.
I need you to get your family, to get your friends, get your neighbors, get your coworkers and to go out and vote Republican. We're going to do it. We're going to do it. This Tuesday, I need the people of Georgia to send a message to crying Chuck Schumer... Nancy Pelosi... and the legendary Maxine Waters... and all of the radical Democrats by electing Brian Kemp as your next governor.
Loyal citizens like you helped build this country and together, we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people. We stand on the shoulders of brave Americans who crossed the oceans, tamed the wilderness, secured our independence, won two world wars and planted our great flag on the face of the moon.
American patriots defeated fascism, vanquished communism, delivered millions into freedom and built the greatest country and most powerful military in the history of our world. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy, tear down our industry and destroy our proud American heritage.
We didn't do it. From the farm fields of Georgia to the big sky of Montana... from the deserts of Nevada to the everglades of Florida, from the coal mines of West Virginia to the steel mills of Indiana and in every city and town across our land, we are going to work, we are going to fight and we are going to win, win, win.
We will not bend, we will not break, we will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, we will never surrender and we will always fight on to victory, victory, victory. Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. We are one people, one family and one glorious nation under God.
And Georgia, together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you, Georgia. Thank you.
I'm now leaving for Georgia. I'll be doing a rally. We have a tremendous number of people, as you know -- as you probably know -- standing outside, trying to get in. It's for Brian Kemp; he's running for Governor of Georgia.
We're then going to Tennessee, where we have a tremendous crowd. We have a lot of crowds. I don't know what that means, I but I guess we always have a lot of crowds. But I think it really portends something that's very interesting.
In Tennessee, it's Marsha Blackburn, and she's doing tremendously well. She's a great candidate. She'll be a great senator from Tennessee.
But that will be the second stop. The first stop is Georgia. So we're going to have a very busy day. Tremendous crowds.
I think we're going to do well with the House. I think that my primary focus, of course, has been on the Senate, because there are so many people in the House, and that's a lot of stops. But I have done some House work also. But I think we're going to do well in the House. But as you know, my primary focus has been on the Senate, and I think we're doing really well in the Senate.
If you look at early returns, the early returns are very positive. So, you know, with so many people in Congress, with so many people in the House, it's very hard to make those stops. But I've made a number. I think we're going to do well in the House. I think we're going to do really well in the Senate.
And there is something going on out there, and I think you know what I mean. There's something going on. There's something that's very interesting that's happening.
The level of fervor, the level of fever is very strong in the Republican side. So I can't speak to the blue, but I can speak to the red. There's a lot of energy out there. They want to see border security. They dont want people pouring into our country. They dont want open borders. They dont want to pay for other people's healthcare.
There's a lot of enthusiasm on the Republican side. I havent seen it really -- I havent seen it really since our big election victory in '16. It's tremendous. There's a tremendous spirit out there.
I haven't been briefed, no. I don't know anything about it. I know that Brian Kemp is running a great campaign, and I think he's going to be a fantastic governor of Georgia. That's why I'm going. But he's run a really great campaign. He's very -- he's really -- I mean, he studied for this job for a long time. He will be a great executive, and he will keep Georgia going on the path that it's going, which is up. He's going to do a great job.
We'll make a statement about that at the appropriate time.
Well, I do focus on the economy, but you people dont like to cover that. I mean, we have the greatest economy. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country. The jobs report that came out on Friday -- 250,000 added jobs in just October. It was incredible. Wages going up 3.1 percent. If you look at every single element of that report was a 10. It was perfect.
And we have the greatest economy ever, but you people dont want to cover that. You would much rather cover illegal immigration, which is okay for me too, because frankly, we are doing a great job at the border. Nobody else could do the job that we're doing. And as you know, the Democrats want to have open borders and all of those tens of thousands of people pour into our country. That's not going to happen.
No, I dont view this as for myself. You can. I mean, I see headlines in the New York Times that it's really about me, and it's not really. But I'll accept that. I think we're going to do very well in the Senate. I think we're going to do well in the House. The difference is I can't campaign for all of those House members; there's so many of them.
But I can go out and help senators, and I think I've made a big difference. I think I've made a difference of five or six or seven. That's a big difference. And everywhere I've gone, we've had, you know, massive crowds.
No, these rallies are the best thing we've done. I think that the rallies have really been the thing that's caused this whole big fervor to start and to continue. I have never seen such excitement. Maybe back in '16, during the presidential -- right around the vote.
But I have never seen such a enthusiastic Republican Party. They're enthusiastic about how well the economy is doing, and they're enthusiastic about security. They're enthusiastic about taxes being lowered and getting lower again. They're really enthusiastic about the border. They're really seeing something very, very good at the border.
We're going to work on the tax cut. We already started. I've been working with Kevin Brady. We're working with the House. We're doing a 10-percent tax cut. Now, it could be that if we lose control of the House, that's not going to happen. But we're going to be doing a 10-percent tax cut for the middle class. We're starting the process already with Kevin Brady, and we're very well along on it. We'll be submitting when they come back.
Well, the Iran sanctions are very strong. They're the strongest sanctions we've ever imposed. And we'll see what happens with Iran, but they're not doing very well, I can tell you. Iran is not going very well. It's a big difference since I've been in office. When I came to office, if you go a day before, it looked like Iran was going to take over the Middle East.
It was a question of literally less than years -- very quickly. And now nobody is talking about that. So we'll see what happens. But the Iran sanctions have gone into effect. They're the strongest sanctions that our country has ever issued.
No. I think that, from what I understand, the Georgia campaign of Brian Kemp has been extraordinary. A lot of people are voting, and I think a lot of Republicans are voting because they want to see Georgia go forward, not go backward.
If she gets in, Georgia is going backward. If he gets in, Georgia goes forward. And that's what people want. Thank you. Thank you.
And I didn't know Lee Greenwood would be here. That was a surprise. That was a surprise. Wow. We love that voice, and we love that song, don't we? Thank you, Lee. Boy oh boy, that was great. That was great. And I want to thank our great vice president, Mike Pence. Thank you. Fantastic job. I know I speak for everyone here when I say we are all, indeed, proud to be Americans.
Right? And I'm thrilled to say that I love Tennessee. I am thrilled. And to be here with the hard-working men and women who are the heart and soul of our country, and that's true. That's true. In just two days, the people of Tennessee are going to elect Marsha Blackburn -- Marsha -- to the U.S. Senate to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and continue making America great again.
This is one of the most important elections of our time. I don't know if I rate it more important than the last election, '16. But it's almost -- it's right there. This is really one of the most important elections that we will ever have the privilege of voting in and for. This is a big one. It'll decide whether we build on the extraordinary prosperity that we've achieve for our nation or whether we let the radical Democrats take control of Congress... and take a giant wrecking ball to our economy and to our future.
And, by the way, did you see those numbers on Friday? Those are big numbers. America now has the hottest economy on Earth. No matter who comes in to see me in the Oval Office, when it's a president, when it's a prime minister, a queen, a king, they all start off by saying it's incredible what happened to the economy of the United States.
It's unbelievable. And they try and duplicate it, but you can't duplicate our people, can you, huh? In the last month alone, we added another 250,000 jobs and nearly half a million Americans rejoined the workforce. We created a total of 4.5 million new jobs since the election. And by the way, the media would have never believed it if I said it on the campaign.
They would have never believed it. They would have said, he shouldn't be allowed to say that. And we've lifted 4.3 million Americans off of food stamps. And the unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in over 50 years, five-oh. More Americans are working today than ever before. Think of that, in the history of our country, we have more people working today than ever before, nearly 157 million Americans now have a job.
African American, Hispanic American, Asian American, unemployments, all of them, all of these groups, have all reached their lowest level in the history of our country. Think of that. Poverty is plummeting. Wages are rising. Incomes are soaring. And the confidence level of our businesses and our people is at an all-time high.
Other than that, we're not doing so well. Good. Republicans passed a massive tax cut for working families, and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class. We've got to win Congress, in all fairness. Just -- because the Democrats won't be doing that. The Democrats are going to be raising your taxes.
They're not cutting your taxes. So I have to put a little caveat. We've got to win Congress. Got to win the House. I think we're doing great in the House. I think we're doing great in the Senate. But who knows, right? Who knows? You've got to get out to vote. But I will say, there is an electricity in the air the likes of which I and you have not seen since the '16 election.
And you don't hear so much about that big blue wave anymore. They may do fine. They may do fine. Who knows? But the -- you don't hear about the wave, the wave is coming, the wave is coming. I'll tell you, with the statistics I just rattled off, who could do better than that? We're breaking every record practically in the history of our country, right?
And very importantly, we're taking care of our great veterans and we are rebuilding America's -- and you know this -- you know what was happening to our military. It was depleted. It was tired. It was exhausted. The plans were old. Everything was tired. We are rebuilding America's military might like it's never been rebuilt before.
And hopefully we'll never have to use it, but I can tell you, the stronger we become, the less likely it is that we will have to use it, OK? And we are building it at a level that has never been done before, $700 billion and $716 billion the following year. Under Republican leadership, America is respected again.
And America is winning again, because we are finally putting America first. And to protect your rights and freedoms, we overcame the Democrats' smear campaign and confirmed the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. And speaking of Justice Kavanaugh, great man, great intellect, a great scholar.
They thought 10 years ago, long before I thought I'd be doing this, I was very happy in Manhattan having a lot of fun building buildings. I was very happy. But long before, I used to hear the name Brett Kavanaugh as being this great intellect, Washington, he will be on the Supreme Court someday. And when I told him that it's my honor -- because we did great with, as you know, Justice Neil Gorsuch -- you know that.
And when I saw -- when I saw and heard about, we have another vacancy, and I said, wow, what a great time. And I had Brett Kavanaugh, judge at that time, over to the White House, I said, Judge, this is going to be so easy. Congratulations. I'm going to nominate you for the United States Supreme Court. I said this is going to -- you are so central casting.
Great marks, great schools, the best everything, the best of everything. Your family, your wife, your children, you don't have a problem in the world. You are the greatest. I said, judge, this is a piece of cake. And you know what? The Democrats, what they did to him. But you heard on Friday what happened.
One of his accusers came out and said she never met him, she never met him, that she made up this story, was a total lie. Rape, rape! It was a total lie. It was a total lie. It was fake. It was a fake -- it was a fake story. Totally fake story. False accusations. It was false accusations. She made up this story.
It was a lie. And think of this. What would have happened if he didn't make it because of her lie? What would have happened? Think of that, how -- how unfair would that -- can you imagine? That could have happened. There was a lot of pressure on him, and there was pressure on me, frankly. These stories were coming out.
And now we have to find out about the others with their accusations. OK? But I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, well, already the other one are falling down. You look at what's going on there. But this woman came out of nowhere, and because of the pressure, she admitted that it was a total lie, it was a fabricated story.
And think of the fact -- think of this. If he didn't -- supposing he withdrew or I was forced to do something, which, frankly, I wouldn't do. I wouldn't do. It's a disgrace. And the way the Democrats tried to destroy this human being, this great man, who will be a Supreme Court justice at the highest level for hopefully many, many decades.
Young man. But the way they tried to destroy him, and they knew what they were doing. They knew. Dianne Feinstein with the lies and the leaks. The leaks. How about the leak? Did you leak it? Remember, right? You remember? Did you leak it? That was John Cornyn of Texas, did a great job. Just said, did you leak it? No, no, did we leak anything?
And the guy shouts back, no, turn around, no. Turn around. He didn't say turn around, I won't say, because they'll give me a hard time. And then she goes, no, uh, no, we didn't leak it. Which I consider that to be maybe the worst body language I've ever seen. But anyway, so we have Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court of the United States.
Great. The contrast in this election could not be more clear. Democrats produce mobs. Republicans produce jobs. It's true. A vote for any Democrat on Tuesday is a vote to hand power to cryin' Chuck Schumer... Nancy Pelosi... and, of course, the legendary Maxine Waters. And to -- Maxine's in charge of banking, by the way.
That'll be good. China will be thrilled to hear that. And to implement their extreme job-killing agenda, they want to raise your taxes by double and even by triple. I don't think the people in Tennessee want that. They don't want that. Lee Greenwood does not want it. Lee, do you mind if your taxes go up three times?
He doesn't mind, but his wife is not happy right now. They want to increase regulations. They want to take away your health care. They want to impose socialism on our country. And they want to erase America's borders. Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan of illegal aliens to pour into our country.
I don't think so. I don't think so. No nation can allow its borders to be overrun. And that's an invasion. I don't care what they say. I don't care what the fake media says. That's an invasion of our country.  Thank you. And you're right. And we started the wall. We have $1.6 billion.
And we just got another $1.6 billion. And we're getting another $1.6 billion. But we want to build it all at one time. We want to get it done. And it's happening. It's all happening. It's all happening. But we need Republicans or the Democrats have to start voting for this, because this is the worst immigration laws anywhere in the world.
The world laughs at us. The world sees this stuff, catch-and-release. They come onto our land. Other people say get out. We say, congratulations, you're going to end up in court for the next four years. Can you believe it? Can you believe it? That's why I am telling the caravans, the criminals, the smugglers, the trespassers marching toward our border, turn back now, because you are not getting in. Turn back.
For years, we only defended the borders of foreign countries. We protect their borders, but we don't protect ours. Now we are defending the borders of our country. So very simply, if you want more caravans and more crime, because crime comes with it, vote for the Democrats. Vote for them. If you want strong borders and safe communities, vote for the Republicans.
It's very simple. We are grateful to be joined today by many distinguished Tennessee Republicans. What a great group. They've helped me so much. I want to thank your state's lieutenant governor, Randy McNally, where's Randy? Where's Randy? Thank you. Great, thank you, Randy. Great job you're doing. And your state GOP Chair Scott Golden.
Thank you, Scott. Thank you for doing a great job for me, too, Scott. That was a very good job. Thank you very much. I also want to thank your terrific Republican members of Congress. Are you guys ready? Are you guys ready? Lot of times, you know, they don't put them in one area, and I'm looking all over.
These big stadiums, they're always packed, because we have something going on, folks. There's something happening. Something is happening. That's going to be an interesting day. We're going to do fine. We're going to do very good. We could do great. We could do great. Congressman Phil Roe, Phil, thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Great guy. A man who came to see me speak in Pennsylvania, and he said to me -- been long-term congressman, loves this state. And he said to a couple of friends of mine, who are also congressmen. I like congressmen, and women. I actually like the women better, but that's OK. He came to speak.
And you have early voting in Tennessee. And he talked to me backstage. I was going on. I was getting ready to go on. And near the Philadelphia area, we had a big stadium, it was beautiful. And he came up, he goes, you know, I have to tell you something. I wasn't president. So he goes, Mr. Trump, he goes, I want to just tell you that, I don't know what's going on, but I've been a congressman for a long time.
And I have people coming in Tennessee, and they've got the Trump hat and the Trump banners and the Trump shirts and the Trump gloves and shoes and socks. And these are people that haven't voted in years, because they never really liked who they were supposed to be voting for. And now they're pouring in with banners and everything.
He said, and those lines -- early voting -- he said and those lines are so long, I've never seen anything like it. And he said those red hats and the white hats and every other hat, he said I've never seen anything like it. And he was the first one that told me. He said, and all I can say is this. If other states are like the great state of Tennessee, you're going to become president.
And his name is Congressman John Duncan. Right? Right, John? He said, I've never seen anything like it. People that aren't even political, they have Trump all over. Good. And you know what I'm happiest about, we're overperforming, because everything I said, we are doing -- who thought the economy would be this good?
I wouldn't have been allowed to say it. They wouldn't have allowed it to be said. Who thought we would have in just a short period -- not even two years, the greatest economy we've ever had in the history of our country? Another great friend of mine -- they're all friends of mine -- Congressman Chuck Fleischmann.
OK, thank you. A man with one of the most beautiful names I've ever heard, Congressman Scott DesJarlais. What a name. If I had the name, I would have been president 20 years ago. And Congressman David Kustoff. David? Thank you, David. Great job. Along with the next congressman for Tennessee's sixth district, John Rose.
You know John Rose? I hear great things. I hear great things about John Rose. Thanks, John. It's a great group. You really do. You have a great group. And I know they're all winning big and all that stuff. Go vote anyway. We don't want to take any chances, OK? Fellas, you don't mind if I tell them that, right?
We don't want to take any chances. They're all good. They're great. But we don't want to take any chance that we get a little bit carried away with ourselves. So go out and vote. I don't want to see any extremely depressed former congressmen from Tennessee. Great job. That's a great group of people, I'll tell you what.
They love your country. They love this state. Thank you very much, fellas. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you, thank you. If you don't want to be saying Speaker Nancy Pelosi for the next two years... you have to get out and vote for John now, because he's the newcomer. And vote for these great Republican lawmakers.
When you head to the polls on Tuesday, you will be deciding whether you want to keep this economic boom like we've never had before going strong, and we can do it. Frankly, I'll tell you what, honestly, we haven't even begun. We have such potential. We have such potential. As crazy as it sounds, we have such potential.
Or whether you want to let the resistance take it all away, and it can go quickly. Your next senator, Marsha Blackburn, will keep your economy thriving, your wages rising, your jobs soaring, and she will keep your families and communities safe. She loves this state. She will be a tireless champion for Tennessee.
Marsha is running against a far-left liberal, and you're finding that out finally, named Phil Bredesen. The hand-picked candidate of Chuck Schumer. Schumer begged Phil to run because he knows that Phil will always do what Schumer says and always, always do what Nancy Pelosi wants him to do. Phil will block pro-Constitution judges.
He will cut funding to our military and law enforcement. He will embrace a socialist takeover of health care. And Phil totally supports the Democrats' open border madness. What's that all about? What is that all about? If you want to stop the liberal agenda of high taxes and high crime, you need to vote for Marsha Blackburn.
Marsha, please come up. Marsha.
She's going to do a great job. Thank you very much. That was great. Thank you. Thank you, Marsha. If Democrats gain power on Tuesday, they will try to raid your Medicare to fund socialism. You know that. The Democrat health care plan would obliterate Medicare and eliminate Medicare Advantage for more than half a million Tennessee seniors.
They're not going to be happy. Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors, who earned it, and by the way, they paid for it. You know that. They paid for it. They paid for it. And Republicans will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. Please remember that. Democrats' plan to destroy health care also includes giving away your benefits to illegal immigrants.
You know that. As we speak, Democrats are openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and destroy our nation in so many different ways. And they want to sign them up for free welfare, free health care, free education, and most importantly, the right to vote. They want them to vote.
Come on in and vote. They love them voting. Illegal immigration costs our country more than $100 billion every single year. That's almost three times the entire state budget of the state of Tennessee. Not only do the Democrats' open border policies drain our Treasury, but they endanger every American community.
And you people know that better than anybody. Nearly 100 percent of the heroin coming into the United States enters through our southern border, along with roughly 90 percent of the cocaine, the majority of meth, and a substantial portion of the ultra-lethal fentanyl, which is killing our youth at record numbers.
We can't allow this. These drugs kill 70,000 Americans every single year and destroy the lives of hundreds of thousands of people. Last year alone, our brave ICE officers arrested more than 127,000 aliens with criminal records. Wow! Think of that, 127,000. Think of that, 127 -- ICE, they want to fire ICE.
They don't like 'em. They think they're a little bit too rough. They're dealing with tough customers. But listen to this. It's including those charged or convicted of approximately 48,000 assaults, 12,000 sex crimes, and 1,800 murders. We don't want this, folks. We don't want it. But Democrats want to abolish ICE and turn America into a giant sanctuary city for gang members and MS-13 killers.
Remember when Nancy Pelosi was upset with the way I was talking about MS-13? She -- remember that, though? It's like, they're people, too. They're people, too. Oh, really? Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. And Republicans will always stand with the heroes of ICE and Border Patrol and law enforcement.
This election is about safety and it's about prosperity. For years, you watched as we let foreign countries plunder and drain our wealth, shutter our factories, and steal our jobs. But those days are over, Tennessee. Those days are over. We've added nearly half a million manufacturing jobs since the election.
Last month alone, we added another 33 -- think of this -- 33,000 manufacturing jobs, 1,000 each day. Remember the previous administration? We're never going to have manufacturing jobs anymore. By the way, they're among the best jobs we have in our whole country. And very important jobs. The magic wand, he just said.
You need a magic wand to bring them back. Well, I guess we found the magic wand. We found the magic wand. I recently announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal with an incredible, brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement. The USMCA, like the song, YMCA, if you have any problem. If you have any problem remember it, just think YMCA.
It's a giant win for Tennessee farmers and autoworkers. And by the way, speaking of autoworkers, we have so many plants, so many companies coming back into the United States, they're all coming back, they want the action. Plus our new deal makes it extremely hard for companies to fire all their workers and leave.
So we're not having that anymore. And I talked about that during the campaign. Not going happen, where they fire our workers, they move to Mexico or another country, they build their cars and then they sell them back here, no tax, no nothing. We end up with no jobs and empty factory. That's not happening anymore.
That's not happening. We've taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's abusive trade practices. We're doing very well, by the way. Every day it's promises made, promises kept. And there has been no president or no administration that's had a more successful first two years than we have, with all that we've done.
We've taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs. That's happening. You see it. Thanks to our aggressive measures to drive down the price of health insurance, this year premiums on the exchange in Tennessee are plummeting by an average of 26 percent. And we got rid of the individual mandate, which was a disaster.
We took it out. We got rid of it. You think that was easy? Not easy. And we've introduced new affordable plans in this state that are as much as 60 percent cheaper and more than that than Obamacare. To help critically ill patients get life-saving treatments, we passed right to try. I'm very proud of that.
Many, many years they tried to get it passed. Many, many years, right to try. A patient's terminal ill, they travel all over the world trying to find a cure, if they have the money to do that. If they don't, they just don't have hope. They go home. We have the best medical facilities, doctors, research in the world, and if we're getting close, anything in the pipeline, if something's terminally ill, if somebody's very sick, they now will have the right to try the experimental drugs that we have.
And we've had great success. We've had great success. There's been some incredible stories already. That was done three months ago. And last month, I proudly signed the largest bill to fight the opioid epidemic, which is a real big problem. Biggest bill, $6 billion, in American history. We passed veterans' choice, giving our veterans the right to go see a private doctor instead of waiting in line for weeks and weeks and weeks.
Forty-four years, they've been trying to get it done. Forty-four years, we got it done. And the landmark V.A. accountability law, to ensure that anyone who mistreats our veterans will be immediately accountable. You're fired. Get out. Right? And those people right there, those congressmen helped me so much.
That's true, fellas. Thank you. On every one of those. On every one of them, what I just said, every one of them, that group of congressmen, they are incredible. Thank you, fellas. Thank you. We secured $700 billion and $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military. And we gave our great warriors their largest pay raise in more than a decade.
And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces. It's called the Space Force. I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear catastrophe. And Iran is a much different right now than it was before I took office. They were doing bad things, and they are doing bad things now, but they don't have the same perspective.
They were looking for the Mediterranean. You know what the Mediterranean -- that was a long ways away. They wanted to take over the whole Middle East. Right now, they just want to survive. And we've recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Together we've made extraordinary progress, and we are just getting started.
We have a long way to go. That's why we have to get Senator Marsha Blackburn in office as soon as we can. By the way, we have another great senator here. He's from a slightly competitive state. It's called the great state of Georgia, where I just left. The legendary Senator David Perdue. Thank you, David.
Great guy. Great guy. But if Lee Greenwood doesn't like him, I'm going to say, David, you got to get out of here. I'm sorry. But the Democrats want to turn back the clock, throw America in reverse, and return power to a corrupt, selfish ruling class that only looks out for themselves. You see it happening, but we stop it. Our opponents are stuck in the past, while we are rebuilding and going into America's great future.
I need you to vote for a Republican House and a Republican Senate so we can continue this incredible movement, the greatest political movement in the history of our country. It is. With your support, we will keep on cutting your taxes, reducing your regulations, growing your jobs, and raising your incomes.
That's what we've been doing. We will protect Medicare and we will protect your Social Security. We will defend your right of free speech, religious liberty, and we will continue to confirm judges who will interpret the Constitution as written. We will fully secure the border. We will pass Kate's law. We will stop sanctuary cities, stop catch-and-release, and end the visa lottery, end chain migration, and we will keep the criminals, drug dealers, and terrorists the hell out of our country.
 We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Tennessee.
And we are proudly standing up for our great national anthem. I am asking every citizen from every party, every background, and every race, color and creed to reject the Democrat politics of anger and division and to unite behind our proud and righteous destiny as Americans. I need you to get your family, get your friends, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and go out and vote Republican.
Do it now. Do it Tuesday. We have to get it done. On Election Day I need the people of Tennessee to send a message to cryin' Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, and the radical resistance by voting for Marsha Blackburn. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people.
That's what's happening. This incredible state was tamed by tough frontier men and strong frontier women. This is the state of Davy Crockett and Andrew Jackson. Davy Crockett. Andrew Jackson. And this is the state of generations of proud Tennessee patriots who ventured out into the wilderness and up into the mountains to build a life and a home.
They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury. But they all had one thing in common: They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy, tear down our history, and destroy our proud American heritage.
From the majestic valleys of Tennessee to the red rocks of Arizona, Martha McSally, Arizona, McSally, McSally, she's great. She's great. McSally, Arizona. From the big sky of Montana to the green fields of Missouri, from the deserts of Nevada to the everglades of Florida and from the coal mines of West Virginia to the steel mills of Indiana, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win.
We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, we will never surrender, and we will always fight on to victory. Because we are Americans. And our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
And Tennessee, together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Tennessee. Thank you.
Thank you Mike. Thank you. Wow. Look at that crowd. That's a nice crowd. That's a nice crowd. If this election is based on crowds, they might as well cancel it because we won. That's for sure. Our opponents have 4 or 500 people and they say how many people they've had. Oh they had a big crowd like about this group right here.
That's what they had. This is a big beautiful crowd. Thank you very much Pensacola, Florida. We love it. I love the state of Florida and I have to tell you we love the panhandle. Did we do well in the panhandle? And you got hit but nobody like you to have built it back. In a little while, you won't even know there was that vicious hurricane.
That was a bad one though. Wasn't it? We got hit a little bit of the state but it's happening fast. It's going good. Rick Scott, everybody's working hard. Made a lot of progress. It was a bad one. That was like a giant tornado. That wasn't a hurricane. That was like a 50 mile wide tornado, incredible. I visited and I've never seen where the houses were gone but the foundations were gone.
The houses and the foundations, nobody's ever seen anything like that but you are great people and we are with you 1,000 percent. You know that. You know that. Great people. In just three days, the people of Florida are going to elect Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis to protect your jobs, defend your borders and continue "Making American Great Again". We're just days away from one of the most important elections of our lives.
This is a big one. This is a very important election. Has anybody not voted? Raise your hand. Not that bad. But you're going to vote right? You're going to vote. That's not bad though. That's probably 10 percent didn't vote and I have no doubt that you're going to vote for DeSantis and Rick Scott. Right?
We need them. We need them. No games. This is -- this is very serious stuff. This election will decide whether we build on then extraordinary prosperity that we've achieved for our nation. Or whether we let the radical Democrats, and that's what they've become. They've become radical Democrats. In Rick's case, he's going against somebody that's falling asleep.
And in Ron's case, he's going against somebody that's got a lot of energy but he runs one of the worst, one of the biggest problem cities anywhere in the country. He's not doing the job. You don't want to have him running Florida. That I can tell you. They're going to take control of Congress. They want to give away our country.
They want to knock it down with a giant wrecking ball to our economy and to our future. And by the way, did you see those job numbers? Did you see what's going on? Right? They were awfully good numbers. You know, it's very interesting. Some of the fake news was saying I was watching. Why doesn't he talk about the economy?
Why does he talk about immigration and what's coming up with the caravan? Why does he talk about the caravan when he's got maybe the best numbers on the economy in the history of our country? And we can talk about the economy but the fact is we know how well we're doing with the economy and we have to solve problems.
I'm looking to solve problems. Not talk into the fact that we have done a great job and we have done a great job on the economy. So we now have the hottest economy anywhere on earth. We have the best economy that the United States has ever had. In the last month alone we added another 250,000 jobs. Think of that.
And that is despite the hurricanes. You know hurricanes devastate your monthly and your quarterly numbers. This is 250,000 jobs despite your -- I have to -- your hurricane. Now if you add those numbers back, which I won't bother doing. The 250,000 goes really wild but we're not even going to do that. We're going to take it the way it is and it is something but we've added a total of 4.5 million new jobs since the election.
Nobody would have thought that's possible. Including those people back there. Nobody would have said that was possible. Nobody would have said -- if I said on the campaign that we would add 4.5 million new jobs they would go and oh, they'd say terrible things. We are over performing. What we said was great but what we're doing is far greater so that's the way we want to keep it. That's the way we're going to keep it. But the unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in over 50 years.
That's not bad. And more Americans are working today than ever before. Think of that. In the history of our country, today, more Americans are working than ever before in the history of our country. That's a good sound byte. That's a good sound byte. I was just saying that's awfully tough to beat somebody when I'm debating one of the far left candidates that the Democrats will produce.
Well you have two of them running against our two friends. But can you imagine in the debates we have the most successful economy ever. What are they going to say? We have the best jobs numbers ever. What are they going to say? It's going to be hopefully very easy debates. But we always debate three people, it won't be one it will be three.
It's the person, plus the media against me. So that makes it a little tougher. That makes is a little bit tougher. Remember they way they treated Hillary? Oh Madam Secretary. Oh, what did you have for breakfast Madam Secretary? Did you enjoy it? As far as you Mr. Trump, bah, bah. No. I have -- we have three people.
Three people on that stage. Hispanic American, African-American and Asian-American unemployment have all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country. Republicans passed a massive tax cut for working families and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class.
We're working on that right now. We're taking care of our veterans and we are rebuilding America's military might like we haven't done in 50 years. And everything is made in the USA. It's a good thing. No, we're building our military bigger, stronger, better than ever before and we hope we never have to use it. But you know when you don't have to use it, when you're bigger, better, and stronger.
Right? Then you don't have to use it. When you're weak, you have to use it. When you're strong, you don't have to use it. Under Republican leadership, America is respected again and America is winning again because we are finally putting America first. Right? Could the cameras please span out and just show this crowd?
It would really be nice. Would really be nice. Would you do that? You know, they never like to do that folks. They never like to do that. Could you span out? See they won't turn their camera. They don't want to turn the camera. They never do, unless there's a little problem in which case that camera bends in 15 different directions.
Right? That camera can bend and turn. That's called great equipment. They never show the crowd but people hear the crowd. They hear the crowd. Sounds like a big Florida State or Florida football game. Sounds like a stadium on television. In many ways, it sounds even better. But I wish they would show the crowds because nobody has any clue.
They do. I guess we all do. Right? We all do. I mean, I looked at the crowd size of some of the people that we're competing against. You don't want to be involved with that. One thing you always have plenty of room. That's good. But if crying Chuck Schumer, you know crying Schumer. Nancy Pelosi. Or the legendary genius, Maxine Waters.
If they take power, they will try to wipe away all that we've done and at the same time double and triple and quadruple your taxes. And we're not going to let it happen. They will restore the job killing regulations. You know, I cut more regulations in less than two years than any other Administration has cut in four years, in eight years or in one case more than eight years.
We've cut more. Remember I said, we want to cut two for every one? You know what it ended up? Right now, it's trending at 22 for one. We cut one regulation and we take out 22. A highway that would take 20 years to get approved. We go through a process. You believe an environmental impact process, I know it well, would take 20 years, 18 years, 15 years, 22 years.
We have it down to two and a half years. We want to get it down to one and a half maybe even one. And by the way, we may reject it if it's not good but you're not going to devote an entire lifetime and then find out at the end it's not going to be approved. And it's going to end up costing 10 times or 20 times more which we have many examples, then it was supposed to. So we have it down really good but we're going to get it down even lower.
And again, if it doesn't pass environmental standards, if we do anything to interfere with our clean air or our crystal clean, beautiful water, we won't approve it. Not going to be approved. But we're going to know. We don't have to take 20 years to tell you that do we? They'll take away your healthcare and they'll make it impossible.
They'll impose socialism on the state of Florida. Welcome to Venezuela. And they'll erase America's borders. We have to have a border. If we're going to have a great country, we have to have a great, strong, powerful border. So we're building the wall, as you know, it started. We did $1.6 billion. We've got another $1.6 billion.
We're doing that and we have another third but I want to build it all at one time. And when you look at that caravan and I'm good at building. When you look at that caravan coming up, that's not what we want. That's not for us folks. Not for us. And we want people to come through our strong borders but they have to come in legally.
They have to come in absolutely through a process and they have to come in through merit so that they can help all of the companies that are moving back to Florida and moving back to the United States. We have car companies. We have car companies moving into Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and South Carolina and North Carolina and Florida by the way.
But we have many, many companies moving back and I speak to the top people and I speak to the presidents of countries and the prime ministers of countries. And they all want to be where the action is and we are where the action is now. Didn't used to be. Even two years ago, not a long time. It was going in reverse.
It was going down. Regulations were killing our country. High taxes, all of the other things. And by the way, if Florida -- if you want to pay high taxes, you ought to vote for the mayor of Tallahassee, Florida because you will pay high taxes. And you'll destroy this state that I love and that I live in. I mean I'm here all the time.
This is my home also. Great state. And Rick Scott has done a great job. He's done a great job. A vote for any Democrat this November is to really vote to put extreme, far left politicians in charge of Congress and to destroy your jobs. Slash your incomes. Undermine your safety and put illegal aliens before American citizens.
Not too good. A vote for Republicans is a vote to protect your families, to keep America's economic boom going full speed ahead and it is going. It's going better than ever before. And don't forget, we're now normalizing interest rates. President Obama, we were heading south and he had zero interest. It's really easy to do things with zero interest but we're normalizing rates.
And now, if you think about it -- if you think about it, just take a look. Are they OK darling? You take your time. We got to be with our people. Right? We got to be with our people. Is she OK? Take your time. Do you have a doctor? Doctor please.  what? Yes. Yes. Take that. Move that partition.
Yes. Move it. Take care of the person. OK. Good. You OK? That's good. That's good. That's good. You take your time. We have plenty of time tonight. Right? Plenty of time. Don't forget I know you get here 7-8 hours ago. It's not easy. It's not easy for these folks with those really good prime locations. Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. Great job. Thank you very much. Thank you doctor. Thank you doctor. They do a great job. The doctors do a great job. We've got to get their fees down a little bit but other than that. Get their fees down a little bit. Great job doctor. Thank you. But the choice is simple. A Republican Congress means more jobs and less crime.
A Democrat Congress means more crime and less jobs. It's pretty simple. That's cute. We have a number of very special guests with us tonight including a man, don't we love great athletes. I like him. You know, sports is sort of like a microcosm in life. But we have a man who was a heavy weight champion but he was always considered small for a heavy weight but he made people suffer.
Any time this man fought, he had the biggest heart. He had zero, zero body fat. I can tell you. Evander "the Real Deal" Holyfield. Where is Evander? What a great champion. What a great champion. Evander, I've made so much money on Evander. He'd come in at 218 and he'd be fighting people and I could say Riddick Bowe, I could say plenty of them and they were good.
Right Evander? They were good. But he's come in, he'd be 50 pounds lighter and the one thing they knew. It was going to be a painful, painful evening. Evander "the Real Deal", one of the greatest in history in my opinion. Thank you. Great Evander. Thank you very much. Evander Holyfield. And we're also thrilled to be joined by a Florida football legend who truly knows how to win.
He won them all and if he had a great place kicker, he could have even won a couple of more. Right? Bobby will be the first tell you. Bobby Bowden is an incredible man and an incredible coach and a great leader. Bobby. He looks good. A lot of teams would like to have him right now. Right? Come on. Say something.
Thank you Bobby. You see that. That's National Championship ring. Good man. Good man. He did it the best for a long time. You know, I had another good coach up last night. I went to Indiana. You saw that. Right? Bobby would respect this guy. Bobby Knight, Indiana. Mike Pence came and we had an incredible group but we had Bobby Knight and it was -- he won 902 games.
Three National Championships. The last undefeated college basketball team, it's amazing. So he was great last night and Bobby thank you very much for being here. Great. Thank you. We're also joined by many terrific Florida Republicans. Your state's next Attorney General, a tremendous person, Ashley Moody.
Ashley. And by the way, you have a very good Attorney General right now. You know that right? Pam. Is Pam? Great. You like Pam right Ashley? OK. Then I like you Ashley. Good luck. I hear you're doing well. Good luck. Very important position. You're next Agriculture Commissioner Matt Caldwell. Matt. Thank you.
Great Matt. Thank you. Florida CFO Jimmy Patronis. Good luck Jimmy. Good job. Good job fellas. And Congressman that helped me so much. They're always with us. They're always fighting for us and they win. They know how to win, like Bobby. They know how to win. Neal Dunn and Matt Gaetz. Thank you. Thank you.
Thanks Neal. Thanks Matt. Great people. So if you don't want to be saying Speaker Pelosi. For the next two years, vote for Neal and Matt. I hear they're doing pretty well. But never assume, please go out and vote. They've heard that before in this business. Right? They're doing well. We don't have to go out and vote.
You have that and then you have suppression, where they suppress the polls. You don't bother to go out and vote. But that didn't happen with us two years ago did it? Huh? That didn't happen. One of the most exciting days in political history but honestly one of the highest rated nights in the history of television.
A lot of good things happened, but most importantly what we did is we won and we won for incredible people in this country. Incredible people. They got what they wanted and we are producing and we did it together. I didn't do it. We all did it together. This Tuesday the people of Florida are going to head to the polls to elect an incredible new Senator.
As your governor, Rick Scott cut your taxes massively by billions of dollars. Think of it. Removed job killing regulations and created more than 1.6 million new Florida jobs. One of the hottest places anywhere on earth. That's what he created. And you know what? You put the mayor Tallahassee -- take a look at the bad job he's doing in Tallahassee.
You put him here, he'll destroy Florida in one year or two years if he's doing a good job. A vote for Rick's far left opponent, Senator Bill Nelson, who I never see. I'm the President of the United States. We have 100 Senators. We have 49 Democrats. I never see him. The only one I see is crying Chuck. He represents everyone.
Bill never calls me and says, you know I'd like to get something from Florida for Florida. Okeechobee, the damn, we're doing that because Rick Scott was driving us all crazy in the White House. He was driving us crazy. He'd call again. It's Rick Scott, governor sir. Rick Scott, I said, oh I know he wants Okeechobee.
As soon as I give him that he wants other things. But honestly, isn't that what you want? So I've never had a call. I've been here almost two years. I've never had a call from Senator Bill Nelson saying could you help me? I've never had a call. But I'll tell you what he is good at and I shouldn't say this but I will.
With Okeechobee, I did it for him because he was just back and forth. He's sending me plans. He's just like a construction job. Right? And it's a big deal. Lake Okeechobee and he's calling and all of a sudden Bill Nelson heard about it and he had a news conference to announce Okeechobee Dam and he had nothing to do with it. So I don't way that's stupid but I will say this.
I don't see Bill Nelson for five and a half years and around election time he's on television every night. But for five and a half years, you don't see him. So, a vote for Nelson is just a vote for Chuck Schumer. The majority leader, how about this one? It's vote really for the group. Diane Feinstein, she did a great job.
She did a great job on Judiciary with her obvious leaks. Remember that? Remember? Remember that? Senator Cornyn of Texas, did you leak? Uh- do I leak? Did we leak? Did we leak? Did we leak? No, you didn't leak. Oh, no we didn't leak. The worst body language we've ever seen. What a mess. And by the way, did you see today?
Right? Now Justice Kavanaugh, then Judge Kavanaugh, great person. It started a whole movement, I mean, what they did to that man. And today, an accuser who said she was raped admitted she was lying. Think of that. She was lying. She never met him. It didn't happen. Can you imagine? And -- and the Democrats were so horrible on everyone.
So horrible. And by the way, what about the others? What are they going to say things like she did? She said it never happened. She never met him. She don't even -- she didn't even know why she did it. And they tried to destroy a great man with a great, incredible family. A scholar, an intellect, she said it never happened.
Can you imagine, if this man, who people predicted 10 years ago would be a Supreme Court Justice some day, because of his intellect. Can you imagine if he didn't get the job because of that? And then you find this out later on? But she admitted nothing happened. She never met him. This is disgraceful. The Democrats.
Bill Nelson voted against Neil Gorsuch and he voted against Brett Kavanaugh. Bill Nelson voted against your tax cuts and he voted against your regulation cuts. Bill Nelson voted against "Kate's Law". He voted for deadly sanctuary cities and Nelson joined every other Senate Democrat in supporting open borders legislation sponsored by Diane Feinstein.
You deserve a Senator who shares your values and who will always have your back. And I will tell you, this is a man who loves the people of Florida. He works as hard as anybody I've ever seen. We all work hard. I work hard. This guy, he is doing -- he's a producer. He's done an incredible job as your governor.
Rick Scott, please come forward.
So remember what I told you. Almost two years as President, I never received one call from Senator Nelson to help out the people of Florida. Not a call. Not a call. This man all the time. That's got to mean something. To me, that means a lot. Maybe almost everything. The people of Florida are going to choose a governor to continue the Florida jobs boom and the success boom started by Rick Scott.
Ron DeSantis, I've known him a long time. I mean, I don't want to talk about his education. But he's Harvard. He's Yale. Good student, which is only telling you he's smart but I know a lot of smart guys that don't have what it takes. He does. He's a smart guy. He's a great guy and he'll keep your jobs going way up. He'll keep your taxes going way down.
Ron stands 100 percent with the men and women of law enforcement like we all do. And Ron is running against really a radical socialist named Andrew Gillum. Who will not do good things for Florida. Gillum will tax and regulate your jobs into oblivion. Gillum wants to abolish ICE. Can you believe that? Wants to abolish ICE.
Nobody wants that job but they love it. To them it's a day at the office. They're strong people but they're great patriots and they take care of us. Wants to flood your cities with criminal aliens because that's what's going to happen. And Gillum pledged his support to end all borders. Do you believe that?
End borders. So when you have people camping out on your front lawn remember Gillum. That's what will happen. People will come in, if we don't have those borders. And did you watch tonight? I sent the United States military to our borders. And I looked at those young, great people and I looked at those generals giving the orders and I looked at the way they worked and I watched that barbed wire being put down.
Barbed wire. Got to come in legally folks. You can't come in that way. And by the way caravan, after caravan and we pay these countries where they're formed. Honduras, all of them. We pay them hundreds of millions of dollars. They do nothing for us. They do nothing. They do nothing for us. They had a new one just formed in El Salvador.
We pay them a lot. We pay them all, hundreds of millions of dollars. They do nothing. And did you see Mexico's trying. They are trying. And their military and their police stood guard and the level of viciousness with the rocks being thrown in their face. Their military was hurt. Their police, their law enforcement, they were hurt.
We don't put up with it. We don't put up with it. We don't want -- we don't want that in our country. We're not going to have it in our country. They broke through. Think of it. They broke through the Mexican military and the Mexican police. They broke through. And by the way, these aren't babies. They broke through viciously.
We're not having them. And you know the good thing, they don't break through our military. Nobody does. Nobody's breaking through our military. Gillum's extreme policies would be a total nightmare for the state of Florida that we all love. If you want a bright future for your families and your children, going to take care of your children.
You have only one choice Ron DeSantis for governor. He's going to be a great, great governor. Ron, come on up.
Thank you very much Ron. Their won't be any sleeping for Ron. No sleeping. You worked and worked. I will say this, Andrew Gillum is not equipped to be your governor. He's just not equipped. It's not for him. It's not for him. He knows it. He won't say it but he knows it. We got to keep this state great. You're going to make it even greater if you do Ron and otherwise I'm telling you it's going to be problems like you've never imagined.
He's not equipped to be your governor. If Democrats gain power on Tuesday, one of their very first projects will be a socialist take over of the American healthcare system. You can't have it. They'll destroy what we're building and what we're going to build. The Democrat plan would obliterate Medicare and eliminate Medicare Advantage for nearly 2 million Florida seniors who depend on it. The Democrat plan is especially unfair to Hispanic-Americans.
One out of every two Hispanic seniors is enrolled in Medicare Advantage. Republicans will protect Medicare for your great, great seniors that we love who earned it and who by the way paid for it. And Republicans will always, just like I said Social Security. Didn't touch it. During the debates they all wanted to do a lot of bad things.
They wanted to do bad things and I said no way. We'll get the money from making good deals on trade. We got plenty of money coming in now. Those trade deals are phenomenal. We took them from being horrible to phenomenal. But we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. Always. Always. Democrats plan to destroy healthcare also includes raiding Medicare to fund illegal immigrants.
That's what they want to do. As we speak, Democrats are openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our sovereignty, overrun our borders and destroy our nation in so many ways and we can't let it happen. They want to invite caravan after caravan and it is a little suspicious how those caravans are starting.
Isn't it? Isn't it a little? And I think it's a good thing maybe that they did it. Did they energize our base or what? They want to sign up the illegal immigrants for free healthcare, free welfare, free education and guess what they really want? They want them voting because they believe they'll be voting for Democrats every single time.
The Democrats only believe in defending the borders of other countries. They don't believe in defending our country. Open borders, come on in means crime. That's what it means. Republicans believe we must defend our borders. We have to defend our country and we must defend our families, our communities and our great American way of life.
And one of the reasons why you have so many people wanting to come up and come into our country and I don't know if you saw the report but there are a lot of bad people in there. Just saw it. Just put it out. They were saying, how do you know they're bad people? Well now we know. We got the reports from their countries.
We got the reports from Mexico. You have a lot of bad people coming into our country and we're not letting them come into our country. But one of the reasons they're coming up is my fault. You know that. Because we have created such an incredible success. We have become so successful with the best job numbers in so many years and everything else.
That people want to come in and take it but they have to come in legally is nothing we can do about it. That's all we're going to do. They have to come in legally. They have to come through merit. Nearly 100 percent of heroin in the United States enters through our southern border. Along with roughly 90 percent of the cocaine, the majority of meth and a substantial portion of the ultra lethal fentanyl which is killing our youth and destroying our people.
These drugs killed last year, over 70,000 Americans. And last year alone, listen to these numbers they're incredible. You know they want to get rid of ICE right? They want to get rid of ICE. Last year alone, ICE officers arrested more than, listen to this, 127,000 criminal aliens. These are people with criminal records.
These aren't like -- these are people that have criminal records here and in the countries from which they come. Including those charged or convicted, a 48,000 assaults, 12,000 sex crimes and 100 -- listen to this, 1,800 murders. 1,800 murders. OK. Think of it. But if Democrats get elected they will do everything in their power to dismantle ICE.
They want to turn America into a giant sanctuary city for violent predators and ruthless gang members like MS-13. No thank you. You can have them. And by the way, we have taken out thousands and thousands of gang members from MS-13 and we got them the hell out of our country. Or put them in the clinker. They're bad.
They're bad ones. Republicans will always stand with the heroes of ICE, the Border Patrol, law enforcement. We will throw the gang members out. We will throw the predators out. They'll be in jail or we're bringing them back where they come from. They're out. If you want to protect criminal aliens, you should vote Democrat.
If you want to protect law abiding Americans vote Republican. It's really very simple. This election is about safety and it's about prosperity. Very simple. For years you watched as you let foreign countries plunder our wealth, shutter our factories and steal our jobs but those days folks are over. You can see that.
They're over. They're over. Look what we've done with other countries. They're respecting us again. You know, our country is respected again. Doesn't it feel different? Really? Doesn't it feel different? Respecting you. We've added half a million manufacturing jobs since the election, now that's going to go to 600,000 very shortly.
600,000 manufacturing jobs. Remember the previous administration said, they're not coming back. You'd need a magic wand. We found the magic wand. Last month alone, we added 32,000 manufacturing jobs one month and that's 1,000 new manufacturing jobs every single day of the month. I recently announced that we are replacing the horrible, horrible NAFTA deal.
One of the worst trade deals in the history of man or womankind with an incredible brand new U.S., Mexico, Canada agreement. I got it done. We got it done. USMCA right? Like YMCA. Remember, if you have a problem remembering it just think of the song YMCA. We love that song. USMCA. We've taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's very abusive trade practices.
Now we're doing very well and they want to make a deal. They want to make a deal. We put tariffs on $250 billion worth of different things they send our country and inflation is staying low. Isn't that amazing? They want to make a deal. Everyday it's promises made, promises kept. We've taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs.
Wait until you see what's going to happen there. And I've been saying it. I called up Pfizer. I called up Novartis a month ago. They raised their drug prices very substantially. And there was no reason for them to do that. And I called up the heads of both companies and others, I say you can't do this. You can't raise your drug prices.
This is not happening like that. And they immediately reduced their drug prices to the same price that it was the day before. They cut out the entire increase. And I respected them for doing that and I appreciated that they did it. Pfizer, Novartis, others, they did it. And I really realized how powerful this position is. Can you imagine?
It's never happened before. It's never happened before and yet with their own President he can use the same words and they won't do it. That's the way it works folks, whether you like it or not. That's the way it works. But we'll reducing drug prices very soon. You're going to see. Secretary Azar has done a fantastic job.
To help critically ill patients get life saving treatments, we passed after 44 years, we passed right to try. We have the greatest pipeline of drugs and cures and everything. We weren't allowed to use it. Now we're allowed to use that pipeline when somebody's very sick, terminally ill, seriously ill. They won't have to go to Asia, Europe, Africa.
They go all over the world looking for hope and we have the greatest medical people in the world right here. Greatest drug companies in the world. Greatest line up in the world and now they sign a paper. They take it and you know what? We have had tremendous results. This was three months ago. Tremendous results.
Passed by Congress, signed by me. For years and years they've wanted to do it. We got it done. We get it done. And last month, I proudly signed the largest bill to fight the opioid epidemic in American history. Largest in the history of our country. $6 billion. We passed Veterans Choice, giving our great veterans the right to see a private doctor when they have to wait in line for a week, for a month, for two months and three months.
They'd be online with a very minor problem. Sometimes they wouldn't be able to see a doctor for so long that by the time they got treatment, they would be terminally ill. Think of that. Just think of that. So now you go out, you see a doctor immediately. We pay for the doctor. We take care of our veterans.
And frankly, this I don't care about it compared to taking care of our veterans, but it's also less expensive if you can believe that. Much less expensive. That's another one. They've wanted to pass it for four decades. They could never get it passed. I got it passed. Here's another one they couldn't get passed for decades, VA accountability.
In order to insure anyone who mistreats our veterans, they have to be accountable meaning, you're fired. Or worse. You're fired. We got it done. Many decades they've been trying to get it done. And you know, for those who think, oh that should be easy. Well you've got to fight the unions and you're got to fight civil service.
You've got to fight everybody. Not easy. Not easy. Over four decades they've been trying to get it. We secured $700 billion and $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military and we gave our great warriors and you have some of them right here. And I know you don't want this. I know you're willing to give this up. You don't care.
But regardless, and if you want you can give it back. We'll work out a system. We gave them the largest pay raise in more than a decade. OK? Take it. You deserve it. Take it. Take it. And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the 6th branch of the American Armed Forces called the Space Force.
The Space Force. Very important. That's where it's at. That's where it's at. I'm not just talking about sending rockets to the moon, sending rockets to Mars. We're doing all that stuff but I mean, that's where it's at militarily. Satellites and so many other things. And I withdrew as Ron said, the United States from the horrible, once sided Iran Nuclear catastrophe deal.
And we just announced that we are putting in place the toughest sanctions ever on the Iranian regime. And as Ron also said, stole my speech. We have recognized the capital of Israel that opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. And we opened it already. We didn't just -- we opened it. We converted a building.
They were going to build a new building for probably for about $1.1 billion which would have ended up being $4 billion. How do you build a one story building for $1 billion? Any builders in the house? They'll do it for $65,000. And it will be better but we converted a building that we had for less than $500,000 and it's beautiful on the best site that we already owned, right in Jerusalem.
Best location. We already had it. We already had it. Together we've made extraordinary progress and we are just getting started. But the Democrats want to turn back the clock, throw American into reverse. Not going to happen and return power to a corrupt, selfish ruling class that only looks out for themselves.
You know that. That's why this movement started. That's why it started. Think of it. Think of what we've done. The most successful political movement in the history of our country and I can say that and they never challenge it. What's to challenge? What's to challenge? Nobody -- look at the crowds even now.
I mean, the energy is, I don't know, it seems like the energy's even greater. It's greater. I don't know. But I need you to vote for a Republican House and a Republican Senate. It's very fragile. I can be taken away. All of the things, the tax cuts, the regulation cuts. So we can continue this incredible movement, we have to continue this great, great movement.
We've made so much progress. Remember it's Make America Great Again but our new theme in another year I think. Could probably do it now because we're so far ahead of schedule is, Keep America Great. Keep America Great. Right? With your support, we will keep on cutting your taxes, reducing your regulations and raising your incomes.
We will protect Medicare and we will protect your Social Security. We will defend your right to free speech, religious liberty and we will continue to confirm judges who will interpret the Constitution as written. We will fully secure the border. We will pass "Kate's Law". We will stop sanctuary cities. Stop catch and release.
We will end the visa lottery and chain migration. And we will keep the criminals, drug dealers, terrorists the hell out of our country. We don't want them. We don't want them. We will lift millions of citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence and from poverty to prosperity which is the way it's supposed to be. For years you watched as your leaders apologized for America.
That's what they did. They apologized for us. They apologized for your great country. Now you have a President who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Florida and we are proudly standing for our great national anthem. Thank you. Thank you very much. We love our country.
We really love our country. It's been amazing. It's been an amazing period of time. Let's not blow it. Go out, Ron, Rick. Go out and vote for them. Make sure everyone you know votes for them. So I'm asking every citizen from every party, every background and every race, color and creed to reject the Democrat politics of anger and division.
Reclaim our proud and righteous destiny as Americans. I need you to get your family, get your friends, get your neighbors. Get your co-workers and go out and vote Republican. We're going to make this an even greater country. Greater than it's ever been before. We can do it. This Tuesday, I need the people of Florida to send a message to crying Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters and the radical Democrats by voting for Ron DeSantis and Rick Scott.
Tell your friends. Get out and vote. Don't take a chance. Loyal citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country. Returning power to you the American people. It's what we're going. Doing it together. This great state, the state of Florida was settled by pioneers and visionaries who raised up, claiming cities by the sea who helped build America into the greatest nation and the most powerful military the world has every seen.
This state was built by farmers and factory workers and soldiers and sailors. And by those brave Americans who opened the first Naval Air Station at Pensacola. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy. Tear down our history and destroy our very proud American heritage.
For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work. We are going to fight and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender and we will always fight on to victory.
Always. Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. We are one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. And Florida together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will Make America Great Again. Thank you Florida. Thank you.
Oh, that is something. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. Well, one thing we know: we get the biggest crowds, by far. There's no -- if crowds mean anything, we're going to have a great Tuesday, that's for sure. Hello, Montana. I said I was coming back, and I'm back. You know, good -- back for a lot of good reasons, but two good reasons in particular -- we'll get into that.
But I am thrilled to be with you in this great state. I love this state, and you like me, based on those numbers. Those were wonderful numbers. 2016, we had one of the all-time exciting days ever. It was something -- greatest movement, greatest political movement in our history. Thank you, and I want to thank Montana.
Believe me, you were a big part of it -- big part of it. Big, big part. In just three days, the people of Montana are going to send a great man, Matt Rosendale... to the United States Senate to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and continue with what we're doing, and we're getting there fast. Make America great again, right?
See all those hats? All those hats. Look at those hats. This is one of the most important elections of our entire lives. This election will decide whether we build on the extraordinary prosperity that we've achieved, or whether we let the radical Democrats take control of Congress, and take a giant wrecking ball... to our economy, and to the future of our nation.
America now has the best economy in the history of our country. Can you believe this? Right? I said it was going to happen; I just didn't know it was going to happen this fast. It's happened fast. You saw those numbers yesterday. In the last month alone, we added another 250,000 jobs, and nearly a half a million Americans -- it's now going to be almost 600,000 Americans returned to the workforce.
Since Election Day, we've created 4.5 million new jobs. Think of that. If I ever said that during the campaign, they would not have allowed that to happen. They would have cut it. You know the way they cut the good stuff. They cut all the good stuff out. They would have cut that out. The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in more than 50 years.
More Americans are working today than ever before, nearly 157 million Americans now have jobs. We've never been there before, not even very close. African-American, Hispanic-American and Asian-American unemployment has reached the lowest levels in the history of our country. That's not a bad sound bite. Is that a good sound bite?
OK. How do you lose the debate? Let's say we're debating the radical, liberal Democrat over here, and they go, "Oh, they're going to help jobs." I say, "Well, we had the highest jobs, the best jobs, the best employment number ever, the best unemployment numbers ever." What do they say? How do they counteract that?
They'll figure something. They'll figure something. They'll think of something like Russia. "Let's see, Russia. Let's blame Russia. We won't say that she was a lousy candidate, and we won't say, certainly, that he was a very good candidate. We would never say that." Veterans' unemployment recently hit its lowest rate in nearly 20 years.
Wages, wages, beautiful wages for the first time in years, wages are rising. Confidence is soaring. You saw the confidence level. Business confidence, consumer confidence, every form of confidence is at an all-time high, or very close, and America is booming. Republicans passed a massive tax cut for working families, and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class.
And we then did the war on clean, beautiful coal, and we are putting -- and you see it better than almost anybody -- our coal miners. They're all back to work, and they're going back to work. Clean coal, clean coal. Nobody thought that was going to happen so fast, either. You know, I was in West Virginia yesterday -- great people.
They like the mines, also. You know that, right? Who makes better coal? Who's got better coal? Huh? Well, they say they do. You both do. But I talk to the leaders of foreign countries. They love our coal, and we're 65 -- either 55 -- I've heard two numbers. I've heard 55 percent and 65 -- either one is OK -- increase in the export of coal to foreign countries this year.
And by the way, it's going much -- they've just gotten started, because I make them buy it. You know, we have these crazy deficits, and we have these horrible trade deals. So I go in, and I say, "You've got to buy our stuff. You've got to buy our coal. You're going to buy our oil. You're going to buy our equipment, and our planes, and our tractors.
You're going to buy our tractors. You've got to buy everything, because we're not going to stand for this imbalance." And they're buying like crazy. They're buying so much, they don't -- they don't even need it. They just want to have me be happy. They want me to be happy, so they're buying your coal, and they're buying everything.
They're buying it. And if they don't buy it, they've got problems, right? They've got problems. And we're strongly protecting Montana farmers, ranchers and loggers. We have not forgotten you people, that I can tell you. And don't forget, for the ranchers and for the small farmers, and some pretty big ones, too, you don't have estate taxes anymore to worry about.
When you leave your farm, you leave your ranch, you leave your things to your children, your children don't have to go out and -- remember, they used to have the expression, "mortgage the farm"? That was for a reason. They'd mortgage the farm to pay the estate taxes. You don't have any death tax, estate tax -- same thing.
You don't have the death tax anymore. Got rid of that. Steve Daines helped a lot. They all helped. Steve Daines -- good guy. Saw him speaking up here before. I saw him speaking. That guy is terrific. Hello, folks. So you don't have -- think of that. Think -- think of what that means, though, seriously. Now, if you love your children, you can leave that farm, or the ranch, or your logging equipment, your logging stuff, your trees -- you can leave whatever the hell you want, if you like them.
If you don't like them, then you don't care too much about this particular tax. But if you love them, you can leave them, and they won't have to mortgage the farm or mortgage whatever it is you're leaving, because they don't have to pay estate tax anymore. Nice, right? It's nice. That's a big one. A lot of people don't talk about these things, like that.
Under Republican leadership, America is respected again... And America is winning again, because we are finally putting America first. It's been a long time. Weeks ago, we achieved another incredible victory for our nation. We proudly confirmed the newest member of the United States Supreme Court... Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
And Senator Tester... voted against, voted against. And I don't know if you just heard -- did you hear? One of his accusers, false accusations, just came out a little while ago and said it was all a lie; that she never met now-Justice Kavanaugh. She never met -- it was a made-up story. She made up the story.
It was a lie. It was a total lie. It was fake. You know what fake means? It was fake. Now think of that. She lied about the story, about rape -- about rape. She lied. And we're supposed to sit back and take it. And supposing he didn't get to be -- and he's a tremendous man. And by the way, what about the others?
What about the others? When are they going to say what happened? And supposing he didn't get -- supposing we didn't stick? A lot of people said, "You know, you stuck with him, sir. It was great." Supposing I didn't? Supposing I was like most other politicians, and I said, "Oh, let's -- let's cut, and let's pick somebody else." We don't do that stuff, because I always knew.
But she just came out and she said it was a lie. It's a damn disgrace. And supposing he was forced -- supposing he was forced to drop out and not become -- this is a great intellect, a great scholar, Yale, one of the top -- for years, they've been saying he should be on the Supreme Court. Supposing because of these lies and this lie -- these lies, by the way, these lies.
But this lie -- supposing he dropped out? A lot of guys would have. I gave him credit, also, for sticking it out. That was brutal. So supposing he dropped out, we picked somebody else, and go through the process. Somebody else goes to the United States Supreme Court, but he drops out, and he dropped out because of a filthy, dirty lie?
Think about that. How about that, right? But you people knew what was going on. But you know what? Your senator, Tester... what he did -- what he did -- what he did was terrible. What he did to Justice -- now-Justice Kavanaugh -- Judge Kavanaugh at that time -- was terrible. It was terrible. And what the Democrats did to him was terrible.
It was a disgrace, OK? And I have to say it. Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters... if they gain the majority, they will try to plunge our country -- and it's not even a question of trying; it's what's going to happen, because their policy is so bad. You know, they're lousy politicians, and they have lousy policy, but they stick together.
One thing I'll say: they stick together. They really do, the Democrats. They -- it doesn't matter what, even a hoax like they tried to pull off with Judge Kavanaugh, they stick together -- or the Russian hoax with the election. They use that as an excuse, because Hillary Clinton lost. Next time, they'll learn.
You've got to go, and you've got to campaign in Wisconsin. You've got to campaign harder in Pennsylvania. You've got to campaign in Michigan. You've got to campaign harder in North Carolina, you know? Not Russia. So they use that -- it's a -- I call it "the Russian hoax." It's a hoax, and they use that in a -- as an excuse for losing the Electoral College that is set up that they should win the Electoral.
I mean, you'd have to run the whole East Coast. You have to win so much, and it's set up. The Democrats should easily win, but you know what? Hopefully, 2020's going to come along. We're going to do even better, even better. And Montana was with me right from the beginning, but you remember? These people back there, some of them, I see.
That's a big -- that's a big crowd of people on a Saturday afternoon. The media. The media -- do you remember? "There is no path to 270." You need 270. "There is no path to 270 -- for me. But we got 306, 306. We got states that they didn't think about. They got -- we got states that haven't been won by a Republican in a long time, and they're great states, and they're very happy right now because they're doing very well, just like Montana is doing very well.
The Democrats want to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulations. It will kill it. It will -- those regulations, don't underestimate that. The tax cuts were important, but those regulations would have plunged this country -- you would have gone down -- 4.2 percent GDP? You would have gone way down.
You would have had -- you would have started at zero, and you would have gone down a lot. They want to shut down your coal mines; that, you know. They want to shut down the timber mills; that, you know. But you know they're going to shut down the coal. Oh, they're going crazy over the nice, beautiful, clean coal.
And the beautiful thing is, if we have a national emergency, if we have a problem, big problem, there's nothing like coal. You'll truck that stuff around. If the roads aren't there, you'll turn it around and go through a tree. Those windmills -- number one, when the wind doesn't blow, they tend not to do too well.
Right? They tend not to do too well, and they're extremely costly, and they need subsidy. We're paying massive subsidy. And of course, they kill all the birds, you know. Other than that, they're wonderful. No, they don't work too well in times of national emergency. We say, "We need more energy, but the wind isn't blowing." One thing with coal: that sucker, you just keep piling it in there, right?
Right? Those miners. The miners knew what they were doing. And I don't want to speak badly about natural gas, because I know it. But they drop a little something in one of those pipelines -- that's the end of the natural gas, right? But the coal just keeps coming. So just hang in there, folks. You're doing fantastically well, and I'm with you 100 percent.
But they would have killed -- they would have killed the coal industry. It was gone. It was another year or two. The regulations -- people that are in the industry, they came up to me. They said, "It's one of the greatest miracles we've ever seen, because we had another year to live -- it was gone." Most of them were closed up, anyway.
And now, West Virginia, you have to see what's happened there, what's happened here, what's happened in other places. It's really incredible. And if you look at iron ore, where you need the miners, also, what's going on there -- we've revived the steel business. And now we're taking in Minnesota, we opened it up. The finest in the world -- finest in the world -- the iron ore, and it's coming in. Instead of dumping crap all over our country, they dump steel in order to put our steel plants out of business.
And then what they'll do is after they're totally out -- and by the way, you talk about the coal industry; the steel industry was dead. It was going to be dead within a couple of years. It was on its last legs, and now it's one of the hottest industries in our country. You have to see, U.S. Steel, what they're doing... Nucor, building new plants, expanding old plants.
And we're doing good steel, quality steel. We're not taking the junk that gets dumped on our borders. I know a lot about steel. When you have good structural steel for buildings, and for things like airplanes, jet fighters, commercial planes, you want the finest steel in the world. You don't want stuff that was dumped on your shore.
You have no idea what the hell is in there. So it's a whole different world, but our steel industry is booming. They'll end up taking away your healthcare. You know what's going on with that. It's such a disaster. You'll end up tripling your tax. Your tax is going to go through the roof, and it still won't pay for it. They basically want to impose socialism in the United States.
They want to... they want to erase your borders. Your socialism hasn't done very well for Venezuela. Would you say that's not too good? You know, Venezuela, 20 years ago -- less -- was the wealthiest country in that part of the world, by far. Today, they can't buy a loaf of bread. That's socialism. That's socialism.
The Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan of illegal aliens to flood into your communities... depleting our resources and overwhelming our nation. We don't want that. And did you see where Homeland Security -- you know, they were saying, "How do you know? How do you know?" There's some bad people, as I said the other -- bad hombres.
There's some bad hombres in that group. So they came out with a list of 300 really bad ones, really bad ones. They're in there, and now they have worse caravans, actually, worse caravans being formed. It's terrible. The Democrats only believe in defending the borders of foreign countries. They don't want to defend our border, but of foreign countries?
That's fine. And we're straightening that whole mess out, too. It's happening fast. Republicans believe we must defend our borders. We have to defend the borders of our country, and that country is a country that we love, the United States of America. The choice in this election could not be more simple.
A Republican Congress means more jobs and less crime; a Democrat Congress means more crime and less jobs -- very simple, right? I like that. Nothing like simplicity. So this Tuesday, you have to get out and vote. Just make sure. Do it sooner. I guess you can't do it later -- unless you're a Democrat. Then you can do it later.
Then you can. I'm sure they'll -- they'll have no problem. Joining us this afternoon is your terrific Republican senator who's a real friend of mine, Steve Daines. Where is Steve, by the way? Where is he? Where is he? Come here. I've got him. Come here, Steve. I know he just spoke. I saw him on the plane.
Unfortunately, they didn't -- you couldn't hear him. They didn't -- you couldn't listen to the beautiful words, but... So Steve had a little family problem, because during our big vote, as you know, he was here. I said, "Steve, why don't you bring the beautiful couple?" And it is -- "Bring them to Washington.
We'll make it a historic marriage." But I'll tell you one thing: If we needed his vote, he was on the line. He was ready to take off, weren't you, huh? He's been my friend. He's been our friend, and he loves you folks. Thanks, Steve. Fantastic guy. Thank you. On Tuesday, the people of Montana are going to head to the polls to elect a great, new senator to serve alongside of Steve, and to represent your state, and they will represent your state very well, the both -- the people that I'm talking about.
Remember this: a vote for Matt Rosendale, who is a worker... is a vote for low taxes, low unemployment, strong borders and Montana values, real Montana values. A vote for Matt's opponent, far-left Democrat Jon Tester... and by the way, who will never vote for us, just so you understand. I know he's saying wonderful things now about me, and he might be a nice guy, except he tried to destroy Admiral Ronny Jackson... who didn't do -- who's the most clean-cut, wonderful person that you've ever met.
He tried to destroy him, and I've never forgotten it, and it's honestly one of the reasons that I've been here so much. It really is. It really is. It really is. It's a disgrace. What he did to that man... He was President Obama's doctor, President Bush's doctor. He was an admiral and a doctor. His son graduated last year, high in his class from Annapolis.
His son is this beautiful, great son, this incredible family and wife. He tried to destroy that man, all because I said, "Ronny, what do you think about heading up the V.A.?" And he didn't want -- he -- he said, "Sir, I'll do whatever your -- your order is." I said, "Well, I don't want to make it an order.
Would you do it?" "Only if you want me to." So he would -- didn't want it. It's called "Welcome to the world of politics." So he said, "Sir, if you want," and I said, "I'd like to have you do it. You're an admiral. You're a great leader. You're a doctor, incredible family, zero problem in your past -- zero." I said it about two people.
I said that to Admiral/Dr. Ronny Jackson, and I said it to Brett Kavanaugh. I said, "Brett, congratulations. I'm choosing you, and you're going to go so fast. This is going to be so easy. You're perfect -- the best education, the best marks, best grades. You're a great intellect. You're a great scholar.
You have an incredible family. You have nothing in your past. Brett, congrat -- " He said, "This is the greatest day of my life. Thank you, sir." I said, "This will go so quickly in the Senate." And they tried to destroy him. And it was false stuff. I'm being nice, because it's Montana. It was false. And the same thing with Ronny Jackson, but with Ronny Jackson, it was one man who I don't even know.
I never met. He's never called me, because he listens to Schumer. He has nothing to call me about. He will take a -- he will listen to whatever Crying Chuck tells him to do. But he doesn't call me. So I don't really -- I don't really know him. He might be a nice guy, but he tried to ruin an admiral that's as clean cut -- because you have a lot of clean-cut people here.
I can see it. But as -- you take the best person in this group; that's the equivalent of what this man is, and his family. And Jon Tester tried to ruin him in order to -- in order, what? In order, so I'd pick somebody else to run the V.A.? What was the purpose of it? Really, what was the purpose? It wasn't a political threat.
Ronny didn't even really want to do it, in retrospect. I feel guilty, because I'm the one that said, "You should do it," because I thought he'd do a great job. And that's why I'm here, and I'm here also for two -- these two great people. So it's a vote, really, to make Chuck Schumer the majority leader.
I don't think you can do that, and to put extreme liberals in charge of every single Senate committee. Jon Tester says one thing in Montana, but he goes outside and he says the exact opposite in Washington. I mean, let's face it: he's been saying great things about me now. The border, the military -- everything's great.
But you know what? On Wednesday, the day after the election, he'll be saying the opposite. He won't even be saying it; he'll just raise his hand: "No, no, no." And there's nothing we can do about it. There's nothing we can do about it. I said that about Joe Manchin in West Virginia. I like Joe a lot. The problem is, he'll never vote for us. And he did vote for Justice Kavanaugh, but he voted as soon as Susan Collins made her decision, which we very much appreciate.
But as soon as she made that decision -- and now, we had the votes, and then he -- like a quarter of a second later. It was a quarter of a second. She said, "And therefore -- " and I was waiting, because I said, "Joe, vote before. Don't vote after. Vote when we need your vote, not just because it's good for you in West Virginia." And I don't think it's going to help him in West Virginia.
In fact, I think he might have lost his Democrat base by doing it. That's something nobody thought of. But when Joe voted after the vote by literally seconds, it was like, she said, "I am going to support -- " and then, boom! Manchin did... But with Tester, it's an even worse situation. So I'm here for that reason, and we don't want to have somebody that's lockstep with Nancy Pelosi, with Maxine Waters -- Maxine Waters... and Crying Chuck Schumer.
Remember this: Tester voted against your tax cuts. Tester voted against Kate's Law... which is great stuff. Legislation named after Kate Steinle, who was gunned down by a five-time deported illegal alien who should have never been here -- who would have never been here, if I had my way. But we need more votes.
We need Democrat votes, because we don't have -- we have majorities that are like razor-thin. We need more votes. Like, in the Senate, we need 10 votes. We need 10 -- so we have to get 10 Democrat votes. They're not going to do that. There's nothing we can do. We need 60, and we have 51, and out of the 51, we will, on occasion, lose one -- not often.
But Tester voted in favor of sanctuary cities. Tester joined... Tester joined every other Senate Democrat in supporting open-border legislation from the now-legendary Dianne Feinstein. So look, we -- we have a choice. We need the vote. You'll never get John's vote. You'll never get Tester's vote. No matter what you do, he's always going to vote the way he's told, and you need a man that's going to vote for your agenda.
Your agenda is Make America Great Again. That's what your agenda is. It's very... It's a simple agenda. It's a very simple, very straightforward agenda. You know, the new campaign, it's going to be "Keep America Great", right? I don't think -- as much as I love "Make America Great Again," I don't know that we can carry it forward, because people will say, "Well, what did we do for the last four years?
Are we still trying to do that?" No. We've done so well, and we are ahead of schedule, and fairly soon -- I wouldn't sell the caps yet. Keep them for old time's sake. They'll be very valuable someday. But our new slogan will be "Keep America Great," because that's what we're doing. If you want to stop the radical Democrats, you need to retire Jon Tester and support Matt Rosendale.
Matt, come on up. Matt. 
Thank you, Matt. You know, Matt was a very successful guy. He didn't need to do this. OK -- no, I didn't either, of course. We both did. But you know, we're having fun. I'm having fun, because we are winning. We're winning so much. We're winning, and that's what we want. We're all winning together. It's not me. We're all -- we're all in this together.
We're winning together. But he was a very successful man. He wanted to do this, and I said, "Go ahead." Then he did fantastically, really, coming out of nowhere. Did incredibly in the primaries, and he's a great, great candidate, and he'll be a fantastic senator. He'll represent you well, so I hope you can get out there and vote for Matt Rosendale, OK? Another man who is incredible, actually, and so supportive, and he's been -- from day one, he's been just a fantastic representative of Montana.
Member of Congress, Congressman Greg Gianforte. He is fantastic. Greg, come up, please. Please. Greg is great on jobs. He's tough on crime, and he will always support our veterans, our military, our police and our Second Amendment, and Greg's opponent, Kathleen Williams, is a left-wing radical. I don't get it. What's going on in Montana?
What's happening here? But truly, a left-wing radical who wants to massively raise your taxes and eliminate your borders. Williams supports Nancy Pelosi's and of course, Maxine Waters' Cap and Trade Bill -- that's another beauty, right? -- and would kill the Montana coal industry immediately -- I mean, immediately if they get in. If she wins, your Second Amendment -- and I know this is not something that's very popular around here -- your Second Amendment would be in big trouble.
That's not a good... that's not a good talking point for them. So if you don't want to say the words "Speaker Pelosi" for the next two years, hopefully you can elect and extend, for a long time, my friend Greg. He's a tremendous guy. Thank you very much.
Thank you, Greg. Thank you. Doing a fantastic job, and he's very respected in Washington. I can tell you, some are respected, and some aren't. I can tell you the ones that are, and the ones that aren't, and he is. And Matt will be, when he gets there, there's no doubt about that. If Democrats get the majority, one of their first projects will be a socialist takeover of American healthcare -- you've been seeing it -- meaning taxes like you've never seen before.
The Democrat plan would obliterate Medicare and eliminate Medicare Advantage for more than 40,000 Montana seniors. You know, the Montana seniors are a lot of them here -- incredible people. They depend on it. It would be obliterated. Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors who earned it, and who, by the way, paid for it, right?
They paid for it. And Republicans will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. I wish people would get that into their heads, because the other side is fighting pre- -- it's the only thing they have. They have nothing else. We're going to protect pre-existing conditions. You heard it here. You've been hearing it from me for a long time.
Remember Social Security, what I said during the debates, and everybody disagreed with me? We haven't touched your Social Security, right? We haven't touched it. Democrats' plan to destroy healthcare also includes raiding Medicare to fund benefits for illegal immigrants. I know the people of Montana do not mind that at all.
As we speak, Democrats are openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to violate our laws, disrespect our rules and overrun our borders. They don't mind. They don't mind. They want them to come in. Look at what's going on in California with your gubernatorial candidate. "Come on in. We're going to pay for your school, your education..." You know, I jokingly said a couple of weeks ago, "And then everybody's going to get a Rolls Royce." And the fake news -- one particular person -- said, "He said that they're going to get Rolls Royces, and that is not true."
Do you believe it? You can't tell a joke with these people. You can't be sarcastic with these people. I'm only kidding. They are not giving out Rolls Royces, please, OK? Fake news. The Democrat Party -- not the Democratic Party, but the Democrat Party wants to sign illegal aliens up for free healthcare, free welfare, free education... and what do they really want?
The right to vote, because they figure that's the way they stay in office forever. Remember that. That's a big move. Illegal immigration costs American taxpayers more than $100 billion every single year, roughly 10 times the entire state budget of Montana. We need to use our precious resources to help Americans who follow our laws, not to reward illegal aliens who break into our country and break our laws.
Democrat immigration policies also enable drug smuggling, human trafficking and criminal cartels. Think of it: human trafficking. Do you know how bad? That's the lowest form of human being that does that. They kidnap people, many, many women. They kidnap, and they human traffic, and they're doing it in the world, worldwide.
The number one -- it's -- it's never been worse than it is right now because of the computer, because of the Internet. It's never been like it is. Human -- think of what human trafficking is. You would have thought that died out 300 years ago. It's at the highest level it's ever been now, because of the Internet, and we are fighting it hard.
We're doing very well. It's horrible. Nearly 100 percent of heroin in the United States enters through the southern border, along with roughly 90 percent of cocaine, the majority of meth and a substantial portion of the ultra-lethal fentanyl, which is killing our youth. These drugs kill 70,000-plus Americans every single year -- that's 70,000 that we know of -- destroy the lives of hundreds of thousands of people.
Last year alone, our brave -- and you have to listen to this, because this number is unbelievable. Our ICE officers arrested more than 127,000 criminal aliens. Can you imagine? These are criminal aliens. These aren't like -- and they want to get rid of ICE. Even you in Montana, you're not going to be able to walk around.
You'll be locking those doors. You'll be locking those windows. You'll be saying, "Oh, I wish we had Matt. I wish we had Matt representing us in the Senate." Including those charged or convicted are 48,000 assaults, 12,000 sex crimes, and 1,800 homicides. You know, you don't hear that. I'm the only one that tells you the facts.
You don't hear that. Yet instead of applauding ICE as great nationally -- these are strong people. We're not going to send weak people to take care of MS-13. These are strong people, but they're great patriots. They love our country. The Democrats want to abolish ICE. They want to turn America into a giant sanctuary city for gang members and MS-13 killers if they had their choice, but we're stopping them.
They never thought they'd have a force like this. This was supposed to be a clear path. Guess what? This movement got in their way. This movement got in their way. And now, not only in their way, but now we're pushing it way back where it came from. Came from hell. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens, and Republicans will always stand with the heroes of ICE and Border Patrol and your great law enforcement.
And border security is also very much a woman's issue. You know, two years ago the fake news media was saying, "I don't know if this Trump is going to do well with the women." And they said it... I love you, too. I love you. No, they said -- you remember. "Will he do -- " I used to say to people, I said, "What's wrong with going in here?" Except a thing called an election took place, and after the election, in between their tears, as they were crying, they were saying, "Man, did he do well with women." Did he do well.
You saw the numbers. The numbers are the numbers. But women want security. They want financial security, but they want security. They don't want to see -- you saw these caravans. They don't want that caravan, and, by the way, four others that are forming, okay, in countries -- in countries that we give tremendous amounts, hundreds of millions of dollars a year to in aid.
Right? Not anymore. They don't do anything for us. They talk. They talk. They don't do for us, and that's about it for them, because I tell you what: I've had it. They call up: "Oh, we're working so hard." In the meantime, Honduras and El Salvador and all these places, it's horrible, what they're doing to us. It's horrible.
And Mexico's trying, but I think maybe they can try a little bit harder.  Do you think? But I will say, these people were vicious, and they broke through into Mexico, throwing rocks. And so this is the second caravan, which is made up of some very tough young people -- very tough -- criminals in some cases, in many cases.
They'll say, "Do you have proof?" Yeah, I have proof. They threw stones in the police's face. They hurt Mexican police. They hurt Mexican military very badly. They broke through. You saw it. It was on television. It was terrible. And so Mexico is trying. They are trying, but we're different. We more than try.
We have our military now on the border. And I noticed all that beautiful barbed wire going up today. It was some -- barbed wire used properly can be a beautiful sight. Women want safe neighborhoods for their families, great schools for their children, and they want violent predators like we're talking about to be thrown in jail or thrown the hell out of our country, and that's what we're doing.
That's what we're doing. And you know, I've been badly criticized over the last three or four days, because we built the greatest economy in the history of our nation. Jobs -- you people are big beneficiaries -- every state. I mean, look at Alaska. We've got ANWR approved. Look at -- look at what we're doing for every place, every state.
Oh, we have some Alaskans. Are you from Alaska? Wow, look at them. They're going crazy. You should. I handed you about $5 trillion, right? It's one of the largest oil reserves in the world. I got it approved. Started with Ronald Reagan -- they couldn't get it approved. Nobody could get it approved all the way back, and we got it approved, so that's good.
Oh, they -- I -- they're from Alaska. That's great. Give my warmest regards. They need warm regards. Give my warmest regards. Thank you, fellas. That's very nice. But we do a job, and I get criticized because they say, "You know -- " By the way, if I did it the other way, they'd criticize me in this. But they say, "Why is he talking about the border?" Like they're doing me favors, right?
CNN doing me a favor, telling me what to say. Right? CNN is telling me how to run the campaign, but in the meantime, I'm president, and they're not. And their ratings aren't very good either, by the way. You know what? If they'd break it up a little bit. Give me, like, one out of 10, one out of 20 good stories, you know, like North Korea.
Like, give me a decent story on North Korea. Give me a -- give me anything. The economy, give me a good story, OK? You know, if the other administration had continued, our economy would have crashed, our country would have crashed. We would have been in a depression, because the regulations made it impossible.
It was heading down when I took over. And they like to say, "Well, Obama helped." He didn't help. We were going down, folks. We were going down. We were going down. We were going down. But they were telling, you know, giving me advice, a lot of them, oh, just so bad, so pathetic. MSNBC -- you ever watch this garbage?
MSNBC, telling me what to do. They've been hitting me for years now. It's actually hard to believe you can get elected. You turn on, and it's nothing but fake news, horrible news, only -- I don't mind a bad story if it's deserved. But when you do something great and they make it sound fair, just like, OK, you know, you can't make it sound -- they try to make it horrible, but you do good stuff, and they try and make it sound as bad -- MSNBC is probably worse than CNN, all right?
It's probably worse than CNN. But when you do this -- and then they tell you, "He's got the greatest economy. Why is he talking about the border?" Well, you can only say so many times that we just created 250,000 jobs last month, right? Now, I could say it over and over and over again and you'd appreciate it. But instead of this massive crowd that's totally filling up this big hangar -- that is a big hangar -- so much so that we have to go outside.
You know, we're only outside because we picked up more space, and I assume the outside space is cheaper. I hope you didn't pay for the outside space. But once I say 250-, and then I say again, 250-, and again, and I tell you about -- I can only go for four or five minutes with that stuff. And then the crowd says, "We love you," and they start dwindling off.
But what I do is talk about some of the problems that we have. Our economy is doing great, OK? They think I should do it. Even some of the Republicans, they said to me -- except Steve Daines doesn't think that. He thinks I should talk about problems that we want to straighten out, because when we're fixing a problem -- or fixed a problem, there's no reason to go on about it for 45 minutes.
But we have a problem at the border. We have a problem with illegal immigration, and the problem is that the Democrats will not allow us to change the dumbest laws in the history of the world on immigration, because we need their votes, and we don't have their votes -- or we can get more Republicans, which I'd like even better.
But unless we get more Republicans, they have to change the laws, and if they don't change the laws, we're going to have the problem. But now, we're just going to toughen up with the existing laws, and that's what we're doing. We're basically stuck with these horrible laws, and we're toughening up our border like never before, and that's the way it is. But we have to talk about it. So the networks, they criticize me by saying, "Why doesn't he talk about the great economy?" And I just did.
But now we talk about problems that we want to fix. So we're stuck with rotten laws, but we have some very good people, and there's nobody like our great military, especially since we're fixed it -- we fixed it. And this election is about security, and this election is about jobs. For years, you watched as we let foreign countries plunder our wealth, steal our jobs -- you saw it. You were victims of it. But those days are over.
We've added nearly half a million manufacturing jobs. That number's gone up rapidly, too, by the way. Remember, you'd need a magic wand. You're never going to bring -- we're not going to manufacture, right? I never understood that one: We're not going to manufacture anymore. Previous administrations. You'd need a magic wand to bring... Well, we did -- 32,000 last month, we got manufacturing jobs alone.
Very shortly, we're going to be up to 600,000 new, beautiful manufacturing jobs. You know why? Because companies are pouring back into our country. They're coming back to Michigan, car companies, and Ohio, and North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida. They're coming back like you wouldn't believe. They're coming here.
They're coming all over. Now, we made a great new deal with Canada so you don't get ripped off anymore, because you've been hurt by Canada. And we love Canada. We love their national anthem, too, right? Do we love it? "Oh, Canada." Would anybody like to sing "Oh, Canada"? But they were not treating us well.
They weren't treating us fairly. Now, we have a wonderful new deal with Canada, a wonderful new deal with Mexico. It's great. But we're now taking in 1,000 jobs a day, and these are industrial, beautiful manufacturing jobs. It's the most in over 20 years. Nobody thought that could happen again. I recently announced that we're replacing that horrible NAFTA deal, one of the worst trade deals ever made in history.
Nobody talks about that. You look all over this country -- you still have steel mills. You still have factories that are empty, that are dead for years because they moved to Mexico and Canada, and we're replacing it with the new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, called the USMCA, which I like -- YMCA. If you have a problem with it, just think of YMCA.
Think of the song, and every time you say, "the USMCA," just think of the song and start dancing, because that's how good the agreement is. The USMCA is a great victory for Montana farmers and ranchers and dairy producers. We've taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's very abusive trade practices, and now they're paying big tariffs on $250 billion, and that could rise very sharply, or we might make a deal, and if we don't, that's OK, and if we do, that's OK. I'm happy either way.
I'm a happy person. I'm a very happy person. I'm a much happier person than you would believe. But America is respected again. Every day, it's promises made, promises kept. That's what we're doing. We've made promises, but we've delivered on much more than the promises that we stated during the campaign.
We've taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs, and you see that. Last week, I signed the initial document. You're going to see drug prices come down substantially. And a month ago, I called up Pfizer and Novartis. I called up these great drug companies. They're great companies, and I said -- they raised the price.
You saw that. They announced a big price increase -- big. I called up the head, I said, "What are you doing? You can't do that. I'm reducing the price of drugs." And you know, the following afternoon, I got a callback. "Sir, we've decided to roll back. We are not going to increase the price of drugs." And then I realized how powerful it is to be the president of the United States.
It's the first time they've ever done that. They rolled them back. And I thanked Pfizer, and I thanked Novartis, and I thanked all the other companies that did. They rolled them back. But we're going to be reducing to help critically-ill patients get life-saving treatments, we just passed -- they've been trying to get this for decades and decades -- Right To Try.
Nobody in this group, hopefully, ever has to use it, but you now have the right to go and get drugs that are in the pipeline if you're terminally ill or very sick, and you can get drugs that you weren't allowed. You know why you weren't allowed? Because they didn't want to hurt you. I said, "The person's very sick.
They're not going to be around. They're OK. They wanted to -- " And they said, "We can't do it legal." I said, "Well, you sign a document where you're exculpated from liability as a nation for allowing them to do this." They said, "That's a good idea." It's -- it's actually incredible. But it's more complicated than that.
It wasn't easy. It was for 40-some-odd years, and we had a lot of help. Greg helped a lot. Greg helped a lot. Greg helped a lot on that one, and I appreciate it, and so did Steve. The combination of those two. But in the -- in the House -- Steve, wouldn't you say Greg was one of our big pushers of that one, right?
That was really something. Steve, thank you. Those two guys were great. But it's very -- it's -- it's wonderful. You know, people used to be terminally ill. They'd go and travel all over the world. They'd go to Asia. They'd go to Europe. They'd go to Africa. They'd -- there'd be some kind of a thing that they heard of. We have a pipeline that's got some of the greatest potential for getting better ever in our history, and you weren't allowed, through criminal procedures, to even think about using it. Now, you can use it, and we've had some phenomenal results, by the way.
So that was three months ago. And last month, I proudly signed the largest bill to fight the opioid epidemic in American history -- fighting hard. We passed Veteran's Choice, and it's such a big thing for Matt. You heard the way he talked. And -- but we got it passed, and now it's being perfected. But having Matt in the Senate will be phenomenal.
But we've done a lot, and Doc Ronny, Admiral Ronny got badly hurt, but I will tell you, we have a great new secretary of the V.A. He's doing a phenomenal job, phenomenal job. You know? Doing a great job. He's doing a great job. But we're giving Montana's great veterans now the right to see a doctor, a private doctor if they have to wait on line.
If that line is long, with -- I mean, people were waiting on line for 10 days, 30 days, 40, 50 days. I mean, Steve will tell you, we -- we had stories. And I kept saying, "Why don't you let them go see a doctor?" Number one, by far, it's more important, but number one, they get better fast. Number two, we actually save a lot of money because they get sicker and sicker.
They can't get to a doctor. We have people that were sick, but not badly, and by the time they see the doctor they're terminally ill, and that's no more. They have choice. They can go. They can see a private doctor, and we pay the bill. And we also passed the V.A. Accountability Law to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans -- this has been going on for a long time -- is accountable.
So we say, "You've mistreated our veteran, Jim. Jim, you're fired. You're fired. Get him out. Get him out. Get him out of here." No, we had people that were sadists, I mean, stuff -- stories you wouldn't even believe. You don't -- you don't want to hear about this. Too many young people here. Too many young innocent -- they're probably not so innocent, especially coming from Montana.
But they're young, innocent people. But things that you wouldn't believe were happening, and you couldn't do anything. You couldn't do anything. Now, you can fire them immediately. You get them out. We secured $700 billion and $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military, which it needed. It was very depleted.
It was tired. It was exhausted from fighting, fighting all over the place. We're fighting. We're defending all these rich nations. They're not giving us anything. Those days are soon changing. You see what's going on. I'd say, "Why are we defending this nation when they're so wealthy?" "Well, sir, they're a great ally." They're not a great ally.
We're -- we're taking care of their military. It's a very unfair thing. That's all changing. Oh, I thought it was a fighter jet. It didn't sound that good though. The fighter jets, the new F-35s sound slightly better than that plane. And we're purchasing the finest planes in the world. We make the finest equipment in the world.
By the way, much less importantly, in this case, but it's all made in the USA, everything. Tanks, missiles -- we're purchasing all of that great equipment. We make the best missiles. We make the best tanks. We make the best rockets. We make the best of everything -- all made in the USA, all brand new, all perfect stuff.
Our military will very shortly be, far and away, the strongest it's ever been in the history of our nation, and hopefully, we'll have... hopefully, we will never have to use it. And you know the way you don't have to use it? By doing exactly what I'm doing, OK? You go the other way, you'll end up having to use it, and it won't be pretty.
At my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American Armed Forces, the Space Force. That's good. That's good. Space Force. That's where it's at, you know? It's like, sounds a little bit out there, but it's -- and it is out there. Oh, that's beautiful. Hold that up. Look.
That's beautiful. That's beautiful. It's happening. Everyone wants it. But that's where it's at. That's where the future of the military, big portions of the military is at. So we're going to be the Space Force, and that'll go pretty quickly. It's already started. I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal.
And we just announced that we are putting in place the biggest sanctions that we've ever placed on any country. The Iranian regime, what a deal they made -- $150 billion -- $1.8 billion in cash. You know, anybody know what $1.8 billion in -- in cash looks like? I don't even know. I don't know. No -- who knows?
Plane loads -- ridiculous. We've recognized the capital of Israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Together, we've made extraordinary progress, and we're just getting started. But the Democrats want to turn back the clock, put America in reverse, and give power back to a corrupt, selfish ruling class that only looks for power and for themselves.
But we are not going back. We are only going forward. We need you to vote for a Republican House and a Republican Senate so we can continue this incredible movement, the greatest movement in political history, the greatest movement our country has ever seen. And with your votes, we will keep on cutting your taxes, reducing your regulations and raising your incomes, and that's what's been happening.
Your incomes have been going up. We will protect Medicare, and we will protect your Social Security, which they cannot do. We will defend your right to free speech, religious liberty and we will continue to confirm judges who will interpret the Constitution as written. We will fully secure the border. We will pass Kate's Law.
We will stop sanctuary cities, stop catch-and-release, end the visa lottery, end chain migration -- you know how bad that is -- and we will keep the criminals, drug dealers, terrorists the hell out of our country. We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity.
For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. You saw that. They apologized for our country. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Montana, and we are proudly standing up for our National Anthem. I am asking every citizen from every party, every background and every race, color and creed to reject Democrat politics of anger and division, and reclaim our proud and righteous destiny as Americans.
We need you to get your family, get your friends, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and go out and vote Republican. This Tuesday, I need the people of Montana to send Crying Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and the radical Democrats a message by -- and this is such a great message -- by voting for Greg Gianforte and Matt Rosendale.
So important. Loyal citizens like you help build this country, and together, we are taking back our country, and we are returning power to where it belongs: with you, the American people. That's what's happening again. That's what's happening. This great state was built by tough frontiermen and strong pioneer women who braved the wilderness to build a life and a home under the big, bright, beautiful Montana sky that the whole world talks about, the whole world.
The whole world talks about it, and I know why: it is big and beautiful. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury, but they all had one thing in common: They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God. These incredible, courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy, tear down our history and destroy our proud American heritage.
They didn't do it for that. They don't want to sit back and watch. They're not going to. For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down.
We will never surrender, and we will always fight on to victory, always. Because we are Americans, and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together, Montana, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Montana. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you, Indiana. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. And thank you for giving America a truly amazing person in Mike Pence. He's a great, great man and a great vice president. Thank you, Indiana. Thank you. Great. I'm thrilled to be back in this great state with thousands of hard-working American patriots.
We are here to celebrate our amazing achievements together. And by the way, how were those jobs numbers today? How were they? How were they? And to make sure America's incredible comeback continues moving full-speed ahead, in just four days, the people of Indiana are going to send Mike Braun to the United States Senate... so we can keep making America great again.
Thank you. This election will decide whether we build on the extraordinary prosperity that we've unleashed or whether we let the radical Democrats take control of Congress... and take a giant wrecking ball to our economy and to our future. It's not going to happen. America now has the best economy in the history of our country.
Could you believe this? Can you believe this? Way ahead of schedule. And if I would have said that during the campaign, where I spent a lot of days and nights with you, and I was with another special friend of ours, Bobby Knight, who's going to be speaking in a couple of minutes... The great Bobby Knight.
But if I would have told you the kind of numbers that we've achieved, nobody would have believed it, and they would not have let us get away with it, but we would have gotten away with it anyway. We would have gotten away with it. It turned out that we were underestimating as opposed to overestimating. In the last month alone, we added another 250,000 jobs and nearly 600,000 Americans returned to the workforce.
Nobody would believe it. We've created 4.5 million new jobs since the election. Nobody would have believed that. The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in more than 50 years. And more Americans are working today than ever before. How about that? But how is that statistic? How is that? How is that statistic?
Think of that. I mean, of all statistics. In the history of our country -- think of this -- more Americans are working right now today in this country than have ever worked in this country before. It's an amazing statistic. That's going to be fun on the debate stage when we debate one of the lefties. And -- and they're going to be saying what a good job they're going to do by raising your taxes and all -- and we're going to say, but we have more people working now than ever worked.
You know, I think we're going to win that debate. African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment have all reached the lowest levels in the history of our country. And in case you haven't noticed, in the great state of Indiana, we are putting our steelworkers back to work at a level that nobody thought possible.
One of the great stories -- it's one of the great stories -- you know, we taxed all of the steel dumping from other countries that don't exactly have us in mind. And we taxed them at 25 percent. And guess what? Our steel industry is one of the hottest industries in the country right now. It's expanding like crazy.
And right here in Indiana, Steel Dynamics has just announced a $75 million investment in Columbia City and a $400 million investment in Terre Haute. You know that, right? It's a lot of money. And just three months ago, United States Steel announced a $750 million investment in a place called Gary, Indiana.
The fact is, after years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. It's about time. It's about time.  Republicans passed a massive tax cut for working families and, and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class. Under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving, and America is winning like never before, because we are finally putting America first!
But if cryin' Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi... and the legendary Maxine Waters... if they take power, they will try to erase our gains and eradicate our progress. Can't let that happen. The Democrats want to raise your taxes. They want to restore job-killing regulations. They want to shut down your steel mills.
And that will happen. They want to take away your real health care and use socialism to turn America into Venezuela. Lovely place, lovely place. And Democrats want to totally open borders. How do you like that sound? Come on in. Come on in, everybody, just come on.  You're right.
And we're building the wall. We've got $1.6 billion. We have another $1.6 billion. We have a third $1.6 billion coming. But we want to the build it quickly at one time. We don't want to do it piecemeal, but it's started. It's doing well. We want the money now from the Democrats. We need their votes. Or, an easier way, elect more Republicans.
We don't need their votes. The Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan. And you see we have more caravans forming. You do see that. Gee, I wonder how that happens. I wonder how. I think they overplayed their hand on this one, folks, because between Justice Kavanaugh and the caravans, you people are energized.
And they want these caravans for illegal aliens to flood into our country, overwhelming your schools, depleting your resources, and endangering your communities. Republicans want strong borders, no drugs, no gangs, and we want no caravans, thank you. The choice in this election could not be more simple. A Republican Congress means more jobs and less crime.
That's not bad. Think of that, how beautiful. More jobs, less crime. How nice. How nice. So how do you -- how do you get elected when you go, let's say, less crime, hey, folks, it's very simple. We've got to stop the crime. We've got to close up -- we've got to close up the borders. We want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally and they have to come in through merit.
They have to come in through merit. And by the way, at 3.7 percent unemployment, a 50-year low, we need people to come in because we have companies coming back into our country. Some of them left years ago. And they're coming back into Indiana and Michigan and Ohio and North Carolina and South Carolina and Pennsylvania and Florida and every state.
They're pouring back in, because, you know what? As two of the executives told me two days ago, we want to be where the action is. That's right. We have the -- we have now the hottest economy in the world. When did you hear that last? So, this Tuesday, vote Republican. We are thrilled to be joined tonight by an Indiana legend, a man who's become a friend of mine, who truly knows what winning is all about.
And I have to tell you this quick story, you know, look, it's Bobby Knight, he's the greatest, OK? But I have to tell you, I have to tell you. So before I ran, but my name was being thrown out, I get a call, I told a little bit, maybe you heard this, but it's a great story. I get a call, and my secretary comes in. Sir, do you know somebody named Bobby Knight?
I said, well, I don't know him, but I know of him. He's a great, great coach, if it's the same guy, but it's probably not. So find out. They say, yes, sir, it's the coach. I said, let me check it. So, you know, you get a lot of crank calls, so I figure maybe it's 90 percent a crank call. I pick up. "Hello, Trump?
This is Bobby Knight." I said, that's him. Nobody could imitate that. Nobody. He's Bobby Knight, and you got to run for president. I said, well, I'm thinking about it. It was a year before. I'm thinking about it. But he said, you got to run, you'll do better, you're the only one going to turn the ship around.
You got to run for president. I said, you know what, Bobby? If you could -- I am thinking about it, Bobby, seriously, and if you could, how about giving me your number, and I'll call you if I decide to do it, especially when I come to campaign in a place called Indiana, right? Right? So I said, Bobby, could you give me the number?
And he gives me the number. I write it down. Bum, bum, bum, and I write it down. And I put it -- and on my desk, you know, I'm a hard worker, I have a lot of stuff, I'm doing deals all over the places before this whole political thing got started. And I have two or three piles of stacks of paper. They're like two or three feet high each.
I write his number, I put it in the pile. A year goes by. And now I'm running, and I'm doing well. I never left center stage. Do you know what that means? That means in the debates we never lost a debate, we never lost center stage. Some of the guys were being pushed left, they were being pushed right. We never lost center stage, right?
And I always said to the people running the debates, I want an odd number, because I'm in center, and I don't want to have an even number, because then two people are in center, right? But I never left center stage, and I'm doing well, and I'm going, and we had some competition, but it was fine. And everything's -- and now I'm getting ready to come to a place called Indiana.
And a friend of mine, who's also a great friend of Mike Pence, calls me and said you're doing really well in Indiana, you're going to blow everyone away, but do you ever know a guy named Bobby Knight? And I said, yeah, I mean, I don't know him, but he called me about a year ago, and he really wanted me to run.
He said, well, if you could ever get Bobby Knight's endorsement, you would absolutely seal the great state of Indiana. So I'm at my desk. And I have these stacks -- and, honestly, there are thousands of pages. It's -- I can't even tell you. I have this massive desk, because it keeps a lot of stuff. And there are just thousands of pages.
And I said, I hung up, I said, let me see if I can find his number. I remember I wrote it down, I put it over here. Let me just see if I can find his number. And I go over here, and I take stack number one, which is literally two or three feet up in the air. Pages, thousands. And I go, let me see. And I lift it in the middle.
And there's this little index card, and it says "Bobby Knight" and the phone number. It's the weirdest thing. It's the weirdest thing. And then I look up and I say, thank you, God, thank you. That was from -- that was from God. Because it's amazing. I didn't look, I didn't like thumb through -- I just lifted it up and there it was.
It was the craziest thing. Anyway, I called up Bobby Knight, ding, ding, ding. He picks up. I go, Bobby? He says, I've been waiting for you to call. And that was the beginning of a great romance. It really was. He is a tough cookie. And you know what? I just took out something. I said, let me -- you know, look, we all know he's a great coach.
But we didn't even know how great a coach. Bobby Knight, as you know, he coached in a place called Indiana. I won't ask you how it's doing since he left. I won't ask. But it's going to do well, and I hear you have a very good coach. I do. I hear you have a very good coach now. Is that true? I hear you have a very good coach.
But he coached the U.S. Olympic team in 1984, won the gold medal. He won three NCAA titles at a place called the University of Indiana. He was put in the Hall of Fame in 1991. Bobby Knight was the last coach to have an undefeated season. And that surprises me. Is that true? That surprises me. And I asked Bobby, I just asked him, I said, you know, why is that?
How come -- you think with all your -- you have some of these teams, they're great, the guys leave as freshmen, they go, they play in the NBA, and they're great. Why? He said, no, you play so many games, you know, 30, 32 games, you go into the playoffs. He said, if one guy has a little bit of a cold hand, you lose a game, or if one guy has a hot hand for a good team, you could lose the game.
You know, you play a lot of games, because that surprised me. The last coach to have an undefeated team. And, by the way, I told Bobby, if you want, if you want, Bobby, this has nothing to do with politics, but it's interesting, because I think most of you people like sports. And most of you people -- you're Indiana.
You like basketball. I said, if you want, you can tell the Larry Bird story. Because it's a great story. I like Larry Bird. I don't know if he likes me, but I don't really care. I think Larry Bird was a great basketball player. Do we agree? I think we agree. But he has a great Larry Bird story. But listen to this.
Bobby Knight won 902 games. He's third all time. This guy -- and I'll tell you, he could have gone years longer. He could have gone years longer. He is a tremendous guy. But he was with me before I started. You understand. He was with me literally right from the beginning. And I'd like to ask the great Bobby Knight to come up. Thank you.
What a great guy. What a great guy. Winner. He's a winner. We like winners, right? Governor, we like winners. Well, that's special. You know, don't tell Bobby, but he left his pad up here and his pen. I'm going to keep it, because I can sell it for a lot of money. Thank you. Thank you very much. A lot of love, a lot of love in this room.
A lot of love in this state. We are honored to be joined tonight by many terrific Indiana Republicans, including a man who has done an incredible job, and it's not easy to follow Mike Pence. Governor Eric Holcomb, you have done a great job, Governor, thank you. Thank you. Great job. Great job, Eric. And a congressman who I've gotten to know, and he has a great style.
He is a gentleman. He's a champion. Todd Rokita, he's here. Where is Todd? Where is he? Thanks, Todd. Great job, Todd, thank you. Thank you. And with us tonight are two terrific Republican candidates. Please get them in office. Please go out and vote. They're terrific. Jim Baird and Greg Pence. Does anybody know Greg Pence?
Thanks, thanks. Thank you, fellas. Thanks, Greg. They have good genes in the Pence family, don't they? If you don't want to be saying the words "Speaker Pelosi" for the next two years... you've got to go out and vote for Greg and Jim and a Republican Congress. We need it. It's going to be a very interesting day.
Tuesday is going to be a very interesting day. They're not going to beat the day from two years ago, but it's going to be interesting nevertheless. Was that a great time we had two years ago? Finally, I'm proud to introduce the next United States senator. I'll tell you, before I do, before I bring him up, I just want to say that Mike Braun is not a career politician.
He's a very successful businessman and a patriarch who will fight every single day of his life for the people of Indiana. He's a fighter. He's a winner. Very successful guy. He's a very successful guy. He didn't need this. I didn't need it, either, by the way. But we're having fun. You know why? We're winning, we're winning.
Mike Braun is tough on crime, great on jobs, and he will always support our wonderful vets, our military, and our law enforcement, our police. And a vote for Mike's opponent, Joe Donnelly, is a vote to make cryin' Chuck Schumer the Senate majority leader. We can't do that. Can't do that. A vote for any Democrat this November is a vote to put the radical Democrats in charge of the House, the Senate, and every congressional committee.
That's not good for Indiana. It's not good for our country. And according to the Center for Effective Lawmaking -- listen to this. You have to listen to this. This is very important. Joe Donnelly has been rated the least effective Democrat in the United States Senate. Think of that. Rated the least -- the least effective.
And that's why they call him sleepin' Joe. You got to get out -- just get out and vote. We don't have to do this. Just get out and vote. Joe Donnelly voted against your tax cuts. And he joined the Democrat mob to vote against Justice Brett Kavanaugh. And no man, nobody, was ever abused like then-Judge Kavanaugh.
Nobody was ever abused. What they did to him, what the Democrats did to him, is a disgrace, but he's going to be on the bench. Now he's going to be the United States Supreme Court along with Justice Gorsuch for many, many years. Donnelly voted to get free welfare to illegals. And he joined every single other Senate Democrat to sponsor Dianne Feinstein's open border bill.
You remember her, right? The people of Indiana do not have a one-week memory cycle. In fact, the people of Indiana have about a 60-year memory cycle. Dianne -- remember that? Was that horrible? Were you leaking -- did you leak it? Right? John Kiernan -- John Cornyn said, did you leak it? No, no. No, no. I don't think so. Did we leak it? No, you didn't leak it. Oh, no, no, we didn't leak it. That was the worst body language.
John Cornyn. One simple question, did you leak it? And she choked. No, no, no, I don't think so. Oh. In other words, she leaked it, right? She leaked it. She leaked it. But that was a disgrace, what we watched up there. Right? What we watched up there. It's no surprise that Joe Donnelly is holding a rally this weekend with Barack H. Obama.
Barack Obama. I watched him speak today. He had a very small crowd. They don't talk about that. And they never talk about how big are crowds are. Never. I always say, when I get home to our first lady, Melania, who's great. You think... She's good. People love our first lady. And you think it's easy to be first lady when you're married to me? You think it's easy?
People love our first lady. And I always say, honey, let me ask you, how did the crowd look tonight? They didn't show it. I said, oh. But she said -- but the sound is amazing. But the sound. You know, like in Houston, we had 22,000 people in an arena, thousands outside for Ted Cruz. He's doing well. You don't hear about it anymore, right?
Remember? He was in a little trouble. We had the rally. You haven't heard that anymore. He's doing great. They're all doing great! Mike Braun is doing great. Mike Braun is doing great. In fact, maybe what I'll do is I'll ask the media to turn that camera and show them this room, please. Would you do that?
They don't want to do that. They don't want to do that.  They don't like to turn the camera. You know, when I first started, we had big crowds. Just like center stage, we had big crowds right from the beginning. When I first started, I thought that the cameras were like fixed, they couldn't turn, you know?
Because it's like modern equipment and maybe it can't turn because it's got so much stuff and who knows, and they would never turn it. And then we had a couple of people that were a little noisy, you know? They caused a little problem, and they were back in, like a corner, and that camera turned like a pretzel.
And that's when I realized.... Because they wanted to make us look bad. And when they had a little bit of a problem, in a little corner of the room, that sucker, I've never seen a camera turned at that angle, upside down and backwards. Upside down. Oh, what they can do with that modern equipment. And I went for four rallies, and I said, the reason is the cameras cannot turn.
We were wrong. So Obama gave a rally in front of a very small group of people today. And in the rally, he talked about honesty, how he has to be honest. But he talked about you can have your plan, you can have your doctor. How many times did he say that? Twenty-eight times. Right? He doesn't talk about that.
And we could go into it. But let's stay pleasant, right? Let's stay pleasant. Because we don't want to go back to the Obama days of low wages, high unemployment, rising crime, open borders, far left judges, oppressive regulations, horrible, horrible, horrible trade deals, disastrous foreign policy. Look at the mess I inherited in North Korea, and look at how well we're doing now.
And terrible health care. If you want prosperity for your family, safety for your children, and security for your country, vote for Mike Braun. Mike, come on up. Mike Braun. Come on up, Mike.
Thank you, Mike. Very successful guy. Did a great job, and this is what he wants to do, and he's going to be very successful at doing what you want to do, which is a lot of great things. So I just want to thank you. And, Mike, we want to thank you for doing this, because it's not easy. It's not easy. Thank you, Mike.
If Democrats get the majority, one of their first projects will be the socialist takeover of American health care. The Democrat plan would obliterate Medicare and eliminate Medicare Advantage for more than 360,000 Indiana seniors, who totally depend on it. Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors who earned it and, frankly, have paid for it. And Republicans will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
Democrats' plan to destroy health care also includes raiding Medicare to fund benefits for illegal immigrants. I'm sure you don't mind. Does anybody mind? Nobody minds, right? As we speak, Democrats are openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to violate our laws, overrun our borders, and totally bankrupt our country.
Because that's what's going to end up. They want to sign illegal aliens up for free health care, free welfare, free education. But what do they really want? They want them to vote, because they're going to vote for the Democrat. Illegal immigration costs American taxpayers more than $100 billion every single year, more than three times the entire state budget of Indiana.
We need to use our precious resources to help our fellow Americans who respect our laws, not illegal caravans who break into our borders and break our laws. Democrat immigration policies not only drain our treasury, but they threaten our communities. Nearly 100 percent of heroin in the United States enters through the southern border, along with roughly 90 percent of the cocaine, the majority of meth, and a substantial portion of the ultra-lethal fentanyl, killing our youth all over our country.
These drugs destroy the lives of hundreds of thousands of Americans, and 70,000 Americans every year die from these drugs. Last year alone, our brave ICE officers arrested -- listen to this number -- more than 127,000 criminal aliens. And they want to get rid of ICE. Can you imagine? Yet Democrats want to abolish ICE.
They want to get rid of ICE. These are great patriots. These are great people. These are people that do a job that nobody in this room wants to do. I don't want to do it. How about you? This guy could do it, I think. But there aren't too many. They want to turn America into a giant sanctuary for violent predators and MS-13 killers.
A blue wave would equal a crime wave. Very simple. And a red wave equals jobs and security. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. And Republicans will always stand with the heroes of ICE, Border Patrol, and law enforcement. Border security is also a woman's issue.
Women want safe neighborhoods for their families, great schools, and health care for their children, and they want criminals to be thrown in jail or thrown the hell out of our country. Remember during the election -- my election, '16 -- they were saying, well, I don't think he's going to do well with women.
Women, women, women! I love women! They're the greatest! I like 'em much more than I like the men! But I love -- and here's the thing. And then, remember, after we won, they were said -- they said -- came in -- oh, they were so -- oh, they were just -- they didn't know what was going on. They were devastated.
They said he did unbelievably well with women. What happened, women? And now they're saying the same thing. They're saying, ah, but they say it weakly, you know, because they want to say it quickly, get it over with. Uh, I don't think he'll do well with women. But we tried this one two years ago. That didn't work out too well.
We did so well. And we're going to do well with women again. Because they do want security. They want security. They don't want these people coming in to our country. You saw the report that was put out. In the caravan, more than 300 people have criminal records and have serious problems that we don't want to get involved with, folks.
And we want people coming in, but they have to come in legally. I'm sorry. This election is about security, and this election is about prosperity. For years, you watched as we let foreign countries plunder our wealth, shutter our factories, and steal our jobs. But those days, if you haven't noticed, are over.
We have added half-a-million manufacturing jobs since the election, soon to go to 600,000, including 32,000 manufacturing jobs in just the last month. And do you remember the previous administration? We're not going to get manufacturing jobs anymore. I said, really? Tell that -- tell that to your great governor.
Tell that to your great governor, right? You're getting them here, Governor, aren't you, huh? And these are the great jobs. These are great jobs. High-paying jobs, talented jobs, talented people. I recently announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal, one of the worst trade deals, with an incredible, brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement.
The USMCA is a giant victory for Indiana farmers, manufacturers, and dairy producers. You know how good it is. Great. It's great. And every time they said no, I said that's OK, we'll just tariff your cars coming in. They said, OK, we'll give you that point. We have taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's very abusive trade practices.
And I spoke to President Xi today. They want to make a deal, but we have to have a fair deal. We have to have a deal that's fair for the United States. And China has to open up their borders for our companies. By the way, America is being respected again. Do you notice? America is being respected again. But every day with us, it's promises made, promises kept.
And actually, we made a lot of promises, but we did a lot better than those promises. We have actually performed a lot better than even the promises we made. We have taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs. You're going to see that. You've already seen it. To help critically ill patients get life-saving treatments, we passed something that they've been trying to pass for many decades.
It's called right to try, where they can try our drugs that are looking promising that are in our pipeline, right? Hopefully you don't have to worry about that. Hopefully there's nobody in this room that's going to have to worry about that. But it's a great thing for people. And by the way, some incredible stories, some incredible results already.
After years of surging premiums, the cost of health care is finally coming down. And you see that. And by the way, we got rid of the mandate. Right? We got rid of the individual mandate, folks, the most unpopular part. And we've decimated Obamacare. And now we're managing it properly, and your premiums aren't going up nearly as fast, but getting rid of the individual mandate.
So many people have thanked me. You had the privilege of paying a fortune in order to have the privilege of not having to pay a fortune for bad health care. Right? Not too good. Not too good. Not too good. It's gone. You don't have to pay not to have health care. Think of it. You're paying not to have health care.
Great. Great. And last month, I proudly signed the largest bill to fight the opioid epidemic in American history. We passed veterans choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor, and the landmark accountability law for the veterans to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans can be accountable.
And immediately we look at that person and we say, you're fired. Get out of here. We secured $700 billion and $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military. And we gave our great warriors their largest pay raise in more than a decade. And they deserve it. And on my direction, and working with Mike Pence, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces called the Space Force.
Very much needed. Very much needed. That's where it's at. That's where it's all going. Defense, offense, that's where it's all going. I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. And just today, we announced that we are re-imposing all sanctions lifted under that ridiculous deal that should have never been signed in the first place.
We will have in place the toughest ever sanctions on this brutal Iranian regime. And at some point, they're going to get very smart and they're going to come back and negotiate a real deal, a fair deal, and a deal that lets them thrive. We want them to thrive. We have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
Together, we have made extraordinary progress, and we are just getting started. But the Democrats want to turn back the clock, put America in reverse, and give power back to a corrupt, selfish ruling class that only looks out for themselves. I know them well. But we are not going back. We're not going back.
We're going forward. I need you to vote for a Republican House and a Republican Senate so we can continue this incredible movement, the greatest political movement in the history of our country. It is. And if it wasn't, and I said that, I'd have a lot of problems back there. It is the greatest movement in the history -- think of it. And it's about you.
It's not about me. It's about you. Although I didn't do a bad job, right? Not bad. Not a bad job. It's about you. He says, keep winning. We're going to keep winning. This is a movement built on love for our nation and love for our fellow citizen. And with your votes, we will keep on cutting your taxes, reducing your regulations, and raising your incomes.
We will protect Medicare and Social Security. And you remember on the debate stage, I would always defend Social Security, when other guys wanted to tear it apart. Well, guess what? We haven't touched Social Security. We will defend your right to free speech, religious liberty, and we will continue to confirm judges who will interpret the Constitution as written.
We will fully secure the border, we will pass Kate's law, we will stop sanctuary cities, stop catch-and-release, end the visa lottery, end chain migration, and we will keep the criminals, drug dealers, and terrorists the hell out of our country. We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.
For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. You know it well. Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and I always will. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Indiana. And we are proudly standing up for our great national anthem. I am asking every citizen from every party and every background and every race and color and creed for your support so we can continue to deliver hope, opportunity, and justice for all Americans.
I need you to get your family, get your friends, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and go out and vote Republican. This Tuesday, I need the people of Indiana to send a message to Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, and the radical Democrats by voting for Mike Braun. He will be a winner. He will be a winner.
Remember, your senator that you currently have, sleepin' Joe, last -- he was last on the list. Last! He was last on the list. Remember that when you walk into the booth. I'm really speaking more to the television cameras than to you, because I don't think we have too many Donnelly voters. Anybody going to vote for Donnelly in this room?
I don't know. Not too many. Not too many, Governor. I don't see any. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people. This great state was built by some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk the face of the Earth.
These proud Indiana patriots braved the wilderness and defied the dangers to build a life and a home with their own two hands. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury. But they all had one thing in common: They loved their families. You know that. You do know that. They love their families.
What else do they love? They love their country. And they loved their God. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, their sweat, and their tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy, tear down our history, and destroy our proud American heritage. That's what it is. It's a proud American heritage.
For the sake of our freedom, and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend, we will not break, we will never give in, we will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory.
Always. Because we are Americans, and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And Indiana, together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and will make America great again. Thank you, Indiana.
Thank you very much, and it will be a very exciting five days. We're doing numerous trips to numerous great places, great states. And I hear we're doing very well, but we'll -- we'll let you know on Tuesday night. You'll know before I will, I suspect.
I will say that we had tremendous job numbers today. It was just released -- 250,000 new jobs created in the month of October. That was shocking for a lot of people, and that was a tremendous number by any standard. And that's despite the hurricanes. The hurricanes normally have a big impact, and I'm sure these hurricanes -- they were massive -- they had a big impact. But -- so the 250,000 new jobs in October was an incredible number.
We also had a wage increase of 3.1 percent. It's like a perfect increase. It's an incredible number, but it's a perfect increase.
So the country is doing, I think, maybe you could say, better than it's ever done. We have a lot of new companies moving into the United States. And that's where we're letting people in. We're letting them in based on merit.
We need workers. We need people to come in -- at 3.7 percent, which was also announced this morning -- 250,000 jobs; 3.7 percent; and a 3.1 percent or so wage increase. It's like, really unbelievable numbers. So that just came out. I'm sure you people know about it.
No, they won't have to fire. What I don't want is, I don't want these people throwing rocks. It's turned out -- in fact, it was just announced by Homeland Security -- you have, in just certain areas, over 300 people that they know are trouble.
What they did to the Mexican military is a disgrace. They hit them with rocks -- some were very seriously injured. And they were throwing rocks in their face.
They do that with us, they're going to be arrested. There is going to be problems. I didn't say "shoot." I didn't say "shoot." But they do that with us, they're going to be arrested for a long time.
We'll arrest them. But ICE and Border Patrol is there with the military.
Which are you talking about? Who?
You know who's going to determine that? The Supreme Court of the United States. The Supreme Court will -- the Supreme Court will determine that.
The Supreme Court is going to determine that. Many, many people feel that.
We've had very good discussions with China. We're getting much closer to doing something. They very much want to make a deal. As you know, their economy went way down since we've been doing this skirmish.
I spoke with President Xi yesterday. They very much want to make a deal. I think we'll make a deal with China. And I think it'll be a very fair deal for everybody, but it will a good deal for the United States.
Well, we're going to meet at the G20. We're going to have dinner. President Xi and I have agreed to meet at the G20. We'll be having dinner. We'll be discussing it. But I think a very good deal will be made with China. They want to make it very badly. We want to make a deal if we can. And a lot of progress has been made. A lot of progress.
And they understand that if a deal isn't made, we're doing very well the way we're doing it right now, you understand that. Two hundred and fifty billion dollars at 25 percent. And it could be elevated by another $267 billion at 25 percent or more.
So, we're doing very well, but I believe -- I know they want to make a deal. They've been hit very hard. Their economy has been very, very bad.
I will say this: If we can make the right deal for this country -- and also, they're going to make the right deal for them. If we can open up China and make it fair for the first time ever -- this should have been done years ago by other Presidents but it wasn't. I am very willing to do it.
But China very much wants to make a deal.
No, no, no, no. No. No. But if our soldiers -- or Border Patrol or ICE -- are going to be hit in the face with rocks, we're going to arrest those people. That doesn't mean shoot them. But we're going to arrest those people quickly and for a long period of time.
Everything we're doing is totally legal. It's all going through the courts. But we have one of the few systems, where instead of telling people, "You can't come in," we take them in and we have to bring them through a court system. It is the most ridiculous system in the world. It's obsolete, but that's not the problem. The problem is it's a stupid system. And it doesn't work, and the Democrats and the Republicans should change it immediately.
We can do it one day; we could have it fixed. But the Democrats don't want to do it because they're playing politics. And actually, I think it's very bad politics because the people of this country know what's going on better than they do.
And you know what? We could fix our immigration system in one day if we could sit down with them. But they don't want to do it because they want open border, and open borders mean crime. They want -- they want those people coming up by the thousands. And you know, honestly, they always have come up. They want them to pour into our country.
And in the group -- and you just saw the report that came out -- you have a lot of bad people. You have people that are criminals. You have people with records. You have people with criminal records.
We could fix this system so quickly, so easily. But we need some Democrat votes. Or vote all Republican. If we had more Republicans, it would be fixed immediately.
That's right, sanctions start on Iran. They're very serious sanctions. They're very big. They'll be elevated from there. But, as you know, sanctions are starting on Iran and, you know, Iran is taking a very big hit. The country is not the same country as when I started almost two years ago. Iran is a much different country since I terminated that deal. That was one of the most ridiculous deals ever made by any country, at any time: the Iran nuclear deal.
But sanctions very much are elevated as of -- you know when: next week.
The Democrats never had a bipartisan agreement. They're trying to say that. They never had a bipartisan -- then tell them to come around and see me. They had an agreement that was a one-sided agreement that I would never approve. You've got to get rid of catch-and-release. You've got to get rid of chain migration. You've got to get rid of the visa lottery. They never agreed to any of that. Ask them if they agreed. They never agreed to it.
Well, I hope they won't. We're going to see. I hope they won't.
You know what? We're not going to stand for people doing what they did to the Mexican military and to the Mexican police, what they did to those people. They were very badly hurt, very badly injured -- the military and the police. What they did with rocks being thrown in their faces -- not going to happen to our soldiers.
No, no. You know what? You're creating violence by your questions, you know.
You are creating -- you. And also, a lot of the reporters are creating violence by not writing the truth. The fake news is creating violence.
And you know what? The people that support Trump and the people that support us, which is a lot of people -- most people, many people -- those people know when a story is true, and they know when a story is false. And I'll tell you what, if the media would write correctly, and write accurately, and write fairly, you would have a lot less violence in the country.
Well, we're going to see. I think we're doing very well. Certainly, we're doing very well in the Senate, which is obviously very important. And I think we're going to do also well in the House. We're going to see. I can only say this: The House is a lot of stops.
What's your next question? How many questions do you have? No more.
We're doing a perfect executive order and the border is closed to these people. They're not coming in. They will go through the system, and then they'll be shipped back depending on what happens with asylum.
Just so you understand -- Honduras, El Salvador, all of these countries -- they're getting millions and millions of dollars. They're doing nothing for us. They're doing nothing. They let their people come up and they form their caravans in the country. They are doing nothing. We're paying them hundreds of millions of dollars. Guess what? That money is going to stop very soon.
 right now. We're getting billions of dollars coming in. We're getting $14 , $15 billion. That's never happened with China before. And China has been hit very hard. We have not. We're doing well.
We had the best job numbers that you can imagine -- 250,000. Today -- it was really amazing. Today, it was just announced for the month of October -- 250,000 jobs; 3.7 percent unemployment, which is fantastic; and wages going up . And also, job opportunity going way up, where people can now get the job they want.
So the numbers are about as good as you'll ever see. And that's despite some really bad hurricanes. It's really -- it usually detracts.  it would have even been better, but the 250,000 jobs in October was a shocking number even to some of the great economists. I could tell you: Larry Kudlow, Kevin Hassett -- all of these people, they were so impressed.
So we're really doing it. The economy -- the economy is on fire. I think it may be the greatest economy our country has ever had. And I hope people realize that when they go out on Tuesday and they vote or if they do early voting. But I hope people realize that.
Well, a final message to voters is, number one, we want to have strong borders. But if you look at what's happening with our country, we have the greatest economy we probably have ever had. We just had among the best job numbers we've ever had: 250,000 jobs created in October despite tremendous hurricanes, which are always a huge detriment. Everybody thought -- even we thought -- the number could never be anywhere near that because of the hurricanes.
So really, we have the greatest economy we've ever had. People are working. We're down to 3.7 percent unemployment. We're doing some very special things.
Plus, everybody got the tremendous tax reduction. People are bringing home more money. And you know what else about the jobs? They now can go out and get a job they want because they have a choice. They never had any choices. They can go out and get a job they want.
And speaking of choice, what we've done for the military and the vets -- we've gotten them Choice, where they can now go to a doctor and the United States pays for it instead of waiting in line for two months and three months and not being able to see a doctor, and literally dying -- dying while they were waiting on line to see a doctor.
After 44 years they've been working on it, I got it approved. And that's Choice for veterans. So it's a great thing.
So our country is doing really well and I will see you in West Virginia. See you in West Virginia.
Wow, thank you so much. Hello, West Virginia. What a place. You know, we only won West Virginia by 42 points last time. 42 points. You know what that is? That's like -- did anyone ever hear of 42 points -- and we're going to better this time, OK? But I'm thrilled to be back in this great state. I love this state with thousands of hard working American patriots.
And what job numbers we had today. Did you hear? Did you hear? We're going to that. They all say speak about the economy. Speak about the economy. Well, we have the greatest economy in the history of our country... but sometimes it's not as exciting to talk about the economy, right? Because we have a lot of other things to talk about.
Also, very important, the economy I unbelievable. You know it better than anybody because your state under our great Governor Big Jim Justice wherever he may be. Where is he? Where's big Jim? He's around here someplace. One thing you can't miss him. There he is. You can't miss him. He's got to be 6'11 and he's up there in the weight, but I won't get into it. He's the greatest.
But I'm going to introduce him in a second. But we're here to celebrate our amazing achievements together, to make America's incredible comeback continuing and we will. Right now we're moving full speed ahead like nobody thought was possible. They did not think it was possible. They did not think it. In just four days -- so important.
Because you have a great candidate. You have a couple of great candidates. Carol is a great candidate also. You know that. Carol Miller. In just four days the people of West Virginia are going to send Carol Miller to the House and Patrick Morrisey to the Senate so we making America great again. This election will decide whether we build on the extraordinary prosperity that we've unleashed.
Nobody can believe what's happened. Or whether we let the radical Democrats take control of Congress and take a giant wrecking ball to our economy and to our future. America now has the best economy in the history of our country, and we want to keep it that way. In last month alone we added -- this just came out a few hours ago -- 250,000 jobs.
That's in the month of October, by the way. That's for one month. And nearly half a million Americans returned to the workforce. We've created 4.5 million new jobs since the election, a number that was unthinkable. If I would have said that during the campaign, oh they would have given me a hard time. They would have said Pinocchio, you know, they do the whole thing.
Oh boy. And we've lifted 4.3 million Americans off of food stamps. The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in over 50 years. More Americans are working today -- think of this -- than ever before. More American today, right now, this hour, are working than ever before in the history of our country.
How good is that? How do you lose that debate? When we're debating a lefty, how do you lose the debate when they're looking at you and say well, we're going to look at jobs. But more Americans in the history of our country. I mean that to me is -- here's another one. African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans unemployment have all reached the lowest levels in the history of our country.
How do you lose that in a debate? How do you lose that in a debate? It's always nice. You know, when you go into a debate it is nice to have the facts on your side. It's going to be very tough to beat. Wages are rising and you know it's -- it's been incredible. And it just got announced they're going at the fastest pace in much more than a decade and wages went up. First time in a long time.
They haven't gone up. People were making more money 19 years ago. I used to talk about it during the campaign. Where people had single jobs and they were making more money than they had with two and three jobs today. And now for the first time wages are going up, and they're going up nicely, and people have a choice of lots of different jobs.
And right here in West Virginia jobless claims reached the lowest level in the history of your state. Is that good? No wonder I won by 42 points. No wonder. But then it was just talk. Remember? When I came, I was campaigning. What did you know? I mean, it was another, "Can you believe politicians?" I'm a politician.
I guess. I have to say. Am I a politician? But I said things. And we overperformed, let's put it that way. We overperformed. And West Virginia's very happy, and that coal is coming back and our miners are working again, folks. They're working again. After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country.
And as you know very well, because you look at your wallet, Republicans passed a massive tax cut for working families, and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class. We've ended the war on beautiful, clean coal and we're putting our coal miners back to work. That you know better than anybody.
Remember when my opponent in the last race went to another state about four weeks before she got to West Virginia? And she was bragging, how she was going to put the coal miners out of work? Remember that? Remember that? And I said, "You know? I don't think this is going to play well in four weeks." She was in a non-coal state, talking about how she was going to put the coal business out of business.
That didn't work. It's doing great. And countries are buying our coal, and Asia now, you see what's happening? Asia's buying massive amounts. And you're back in business, folks. You're back in business. You wouldn't have been in business for another 12 months. You were going to be out of business in 12 months.
You couldn't have -- you couldn't have sustained it. I'm telling you, the timing was perfect. Don't ever wait that long. You were ready. You were ready to go over the cliff. That wasn't good. But you're back in business. Your miners are back. And last year, our coal export skyrocketed by 65 percent. Pretty amazing.
Under Republican leadership, America is booming. America is thriving. And America is winning. Winning like never before, because we are finally putting America first. It's been a long time. But if Chuck Schumer -- cryin' Chuck -- and Nancy Pelosi... and the legendary Maxine Waters... take power, they will try to erase our gains and eradicate our progress.
That's what's going to happen. They're going to work hard, and we will be fighting. Oh, it will be -- it will be ridiculous, frankly. It'll be bad for our country. The Democrats -- and it could happen. Could happen. We're doing very well, and we're doing really well in the Senate. But it could happen. And you know what you do? My whole life.
You know what I say? Don't worry about it, I'll just figure it out. Does that make sense? I'll just figure it out. The Democrats want to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulations, shut down your coal mines -- and, by the way, they will shut down your coal mines. You know that. That's one thing I can guarantee.
We can talk about taxes, and I'll be here, veto, veto, veto. But they ultimately want to raise your taxes very substantially. But I can tell you, they will shut down your coal mines. They want to take away your good health care, and essentially use socialism to turn America into Venezuela and Democrats want to totally open the borders.
They have the caravans, let them in. Do you want to let them in? Does anybody want to let them in?
I don't get it. Think of it -- you campaign on open borders and higher taxes. How the hell do you win that -- how do you win?
You're right. Thank you, and we started the wall and built 1.6 billion and we have another 1.6 billion and then get another 1.6 billion. I want to build it all at one time, but wait till -- wait till you see -- go home and see tonight what our great military is doing on the border. Wait till you see. Go home and enjoy it. So the Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan and I don't know if you know -- you see the big caravan coming in? Three more are forming and you know what we give to these countries?
Hundreds of millions of dollars to Honduras and to El Salvador, right? We have -- to others we give hundreds of millions of dollars. Do you know what they to give? Nothing -- nothing. They give us nothing. They give us nothing. That's going to be stopping, that's going to be stopping. But caravan after caravan is forming unvetted, illegal aliens trying to flood into our country on your dollar, over whelming your schools, depleting your resources, and endangering your community.
Homeland Security has just confirmed that members of the lawless caravan, the one you've been watching, come from 20 different countries and influet among them criminals and gang members convicted of crimes ranging from armed robbery to sexual assault. And I don't know if you saw the one -- they interviewed him yesterday and he was asking for pardon.
Didn't speak English and the nice young -- I guess reporter was saying oh, (inaudible) and what was it for? And essentially it was for murder who wants -- and he's in the caravan. This is what we have -- and you look -- you look at him, you look like nice, no, no murder, right? You saw that, good I hope you saw that.
And then they gave me a hard time because I put it up on Twitter and they gave me a hard time. They said you shouldn't be doing that, that's not nice. And I say, all I'm doing is just telling the trust, what can I say. Republicans want strong borders, no drugs, no gangs, and no caravans. The choice in this election could not be more simple, a Republican Congress means more jobs and less crime.
A Democrat Congress means more crime and less jobs. That's pretty good, that's nice and simple, doesn't get simpler than that. So this Tuesday you have to go out -- I know in West Virginia you tend to vote on Tuesday more so than I guess you could do the early thing, but everyone here likes to go out -- me too.
There's something nice about its called Election Day. We're all old fashioned. That's why we get along. That's why we get along, but you have to go out on Tuesday and vote. And I'll tell you, Patrick's going to be fantastic. And you know what, he'll always vote for us. Not for me, for us. He'll always -- he's not going to be voting with Schumer or Pelosi and open borders and all the things that they want.
And we're honored to be joined by a friend of mine who I just mentioned before because he is one great gentlemen. You know, he's a very, very successful man before he did this and he did it, and he made a mistake. He ran as a Democrat. And he didn't like it, and now he's a happy man and the Republican Party loves him.
Big Jim Justice, your governor. Where is Jim? Thank you, Jim. Big Jim, you're doing a great job -- stay there, Jim. Just relax. Just relax. Just relax, but I'll tell you what, are you enjoying being governor, Jim? The people love you. 65 percent up, coal exports, 65 and he works on it hard. Thank you, Jim for being here.
Thanks for your support. We love -- we love our governor. Thank you, Jim. And another great friend of mine, somebody that has always been there, just always been there. And she is a fighter. She is very strong, tough but a great woman. He says Melania, that's true also. That's true, because surely I could say Melania too.
Because she's been great. Great first lady, I will say that. And if you think it's easy being a first lady and married to me, it's not that easy. She's fantastic. But Senator Shelley Moore Capito, she was -- where is Shelley? Thanks, Shelley. Great job. Really a fantastic job, I appreciate it. Always there for us, always wanting to vote for West Virginia.
Also joining us is Tim Armstead, who is running as you know for Supreme Court. A man who is highly respected and I just want to put a little word out, he's going for that extension. You know what an extension is, I guess you do a good job, you're supposed to be extended. And he has done so, Tim, wherever you may be -- where's Tim?
Good luck, Tim. Good luck, Tim. Thank you. OK? And Jim specifically said you mind doing that, he's a good man, right? He is a good man. Thank you, good luck. Do you have any opposition -- any strong opposition? It's not strong, it's opposition but not strong. Nobody's going to beat you, Tim. Not after this anyway.
Thank you, Tim. But I'm especially proud to introduce the next person who has really become (inaudible). And he's just -- he is a bundle of energy. He doesn't stop. You know, he's tied right now. They're tied in the polls, it's very close. It's very close. And I have to say, I like Joe. The problem is I'm just not going to get Joe's vote.
I'm just not going to get it. I like him; he's a friend of mine. I'm just not going to get his vote. Even with Justice Kavanaugh, you know, I called Joe. I said, "Joe, do me a favor. I'd like you to vote." He said, "well, I may. I may." But no, but you got to vote before I win, not after we have the vote because it was a real question because nobody has ever been treated worse that Judge Brett Kavanaugh at the time now Justice Kavanaugh.
Nobody, nobody. Get got blindsided like nobody ever got blindsided. What happened to him is disgraceful and what the Democrats did and the way they played that way a disgrace, right? A disgrace. And Joe said, "I'll think about it. I'll think about it." I said, "Joe, I don't want you to vote after we get the votes," because I didn't know we were going to have the votes without any Democrats.
We didn't get one Democratic vote, so I said, "Joe, I need the vote like today." This was a few days before the vote. "Well, let me think about it. Let me think about it. I want to wait to do it." OK, because there's nobody smoother than Joe, you understand. There's nobody smoother than Joe. And, no. He's much smoother than Schumer actually.
Crying Chuck, right, right? When he wants something, he cries. But I've never seen him cry before, then he cried. But Joe said, "all right, let me think about it. Let me think about it." And then it came time to vote, and as you know we got the vote. And when that final vote was just coming out, Joe waited about one-tenth of one second.
Now it means that Justice Kavanaugh was going to be Justice Kavanaugh, right? We had all the votes, so we didn't need Joe's vote. And he pressed that button. I think it was about one-eighth of one second after we had the final vote from Susan Collins, who did us a good job, good job. She did a good job. Really did.
And it was really a tough period of time, but Joe -- I said, "Joe, that doesn't count." It doesn't count because if we would have needed the vote it was not going to happen. Does that make any sense? Do you guys understand that? I said, "Joe, do it before we have the vote. I think we've got the vote. Do it before we have the vote." And he said, "let me think.
Let me think." And then when I spoke to him later he tried to say, "but I was watching for that one-eighth of a second. I was watching." But he didn't do it. He didn't do it. And I'll tell you what. Patrick Morrisey, I built up your coal business and it's going to get a lot better by the way. A lot. As much as you're doing and as good as you're doing, if you look at what's happening, if you look at other countries wanting our coal -- and I'll tell you, which buys a lot of coal from West Virginia.
Do you know that? Vietnam -- I was with the Prime Minister and the president. You know, when you're with -- well, like when you're the President of the United States -I went to Vietnam, I went to various places in Asia -- but where you're the president here, you're not greeted by a president. You're greeted by a president and the Prime Minister.
They have both. And they said they buy their coal now, because of me, from West Virginia. Well, that's good. But I -- something I didn't know -- I learned a lot since then. That was six months ago -- they said it is -- they've used coal for a long time. They said it's the finest coal in the world. It's the finest coal in the world.
They have a lot of options, but they said it's the finest coal. I said, "good, if I'm never like around the people, which I expect to be a lot, I will explain that." But you -- do you understand? Do the miners know what I'm saying what I say that? The finest -- see, somebody like me coming from 5th Avenue.
What the hell do I know about that? All I know is I want to put my miners back to work. And I know it works. And I know -- and I know for national security reasons -- another reason -- coal is something we have to have. We have to have. But they said it's the finest coal in the world. I thought that was great.
Might as well tell you. Now I've told you and I don't feel guilty any longer. But I just want to introduce your next United States senator from West Virginia, Patrick Morrisey. Patrick, come on up.
What a good job that was. So I said how's Patrick Morrisey doing to some of my friends, two people that live here, they -- I said how's he doing. They said he is the Energizer bunny. He is all over the state. You know, sometimes you'll ask that question about candidates -- I won't mention names -- and how're they doing -- oh, they're lazy, they're not working.
They're not working. Well they couldn't say that about me in 2016 because (inaudible). Even these people say he's got a lot of energy. This man has a lot of energy. And just finally on Joe, I have to say that he was all for Hillary Clinton. He was for Hillary Clinton. She was against coal, she was against the miners, she got no support in this state, and yet Joe was totally in her camp.
So that sort of -- that sort of tells you -- you know, Patrick -- as your attorney general, Patrick --  That's up to Patrick and he won't do that. Because he's just focused on one thing, becoming your next United States senator. That's what he's doing. But Patrick's been tough on crime and a fierce defender of the rule of law.
And as your senator, he'll always be the tireless champion for the great people of this great state. He loves this state. And your vote on election day -- thank you very much. He's not my type, but I like him anyway, folks. He's a rough looking guy. But you're going to decide. And -- and everybody's watching West Virginia.
Because you know, this was a race -- when it started I won by a lot. And -- and a lot of people said that this was not one that was going to happen. This was a while ago, and then Patrick came along and did unbelievably in the primary. He has won statewide a number of times so he's been -- he's been through it but he's won statewide.
He knows your state as well as anybody I guess and a lot of people said well, I don't know. It's almost -- lets sort of focus on other states, which were also doing very well I have to say. And then all the sudden we see polls and it's tied -- it's in one case he's up a little bit, another case he's down a little bit but I mean its right there.
Let's assume it's sided. It's going to be whoever gets the people going to the polls on Tuesday. The whole country is watching the great state of West Virginia. It's going to be a very exciting moment. They asked me -- the fake news media asks me recently, like a couple of days it will say, what race are you watching?
Oh I'm watching Florida, I'm watching all of the red, but I said watch West Virginia. It's going to be very inter -- and they said what? I said watch West Virginia, the great place. So you're going to decide, maybe, which party controls the United States Senate. It's a very powerful love and a vote for Joe is a vote for Schumer.
It's a vote for a majority leader who will be not good and we don't want to put anti coal -- these are anti coal people. We are -- they are anti coal people and they vote anti coal and frankly, that's what you're getting and if that's what you end up with it's your vote, not mine. Remember that, remember that.
Joe will never be with us in terms of the vote, he'll be with us in a lot of ways. We'll go to dinner with him, we'll take him out, we like him but he's never going to vote for it so I just want you to remember that, ok? Ok, let's get on with it. Let's get on with it, let's get on with it. Patrick, I think if he ever voted against us I'll come back here, I'll say we're going to impeach him -- impeach, we will impeach Patrick.
He'll never do it. He loves the people too much. He loves your industry too much. He understands the state too well. It's not going to happen. So if you don't want the Democrat mob like you saw in the Senate, vote for Patrick. Just vote for him. Finally, we're thrilled to be joined by the next member of Congress, a person who you really do like a lot I have to say, and she's doing well and I thought I'd just call her up for a second.
Third district in West Virginia, Carol Miller, she's done a fantastic job, Carol.
Thank you, Carol. Be careful.  So just to tell you that Carol is great on jobs, she loves our coal miners. You know that. She'll always support our vets. She's very strong on our vets. We love our vets. Our military and our law enforcement. And Carol's opponent is a radical left winger named Richard Ojeda.
If you don't want to be saying the words Speaker Pelosi for the next two years, who will end your coal business, then you better vote for Carol Miller. Thank you, Carol. Thank you. Thank you, Carol. She's doing great. If Democrats gain power, they'll also be planning a takeover of American healthcare and that would be socialism, what they want to do. The Democrat plan would obliterate Medicare and eliminate Medicare Advantage for more than 121,000 West Virginia seniors who depend on it. Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors who earned it and by the way, who paid for it. Right?
You paid for it. And Republicans will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. We're all doing that. I listened to President Obama speak today. He had a very small crowd. I have to be honest with you. They don't tell you that. You know? They don't tell you that. We had -- in Houston we had the biggest thing you've ever seen and they were saying Donald Trump spoke today in front of a few thousand people.
Few thousand? We had over 100,000 people that wanted to come. We had 22,000 people in the arena. We had thousands and thousands of people outside of the arena. Donald Trump spoke today in front of a crowd of a few thousand people. Can you believe it? It's called the fake news, folks. But I head President Obama speak today.
I had to listen -- I was in the plane; I had nothing else to do. I heard him talk about telling the truth. He was talking about you have to tell the truth. And yet 28 times he said you can keep your doctor if you like your doctor. You can keep your plan if you like your plan. They were all lies. Over and over again you heard that.
Just used it to pass a terrible healthcare plan that we are decimating strike by strike. You saw what happened to the individual mandate, the most unpopular part. And we actually had Obamacare killed except for one Republican vote and any Democrat -- one Democrat and we would have had it obliterated and you would have had great healthcare.
But we're doing a lot to make it a lot better until we do get rid of it. Then I heard him talk about the freedom of the press. We have to maintain the press. We have to love those people. Love. Except that nobody was worse to the President Obama. Nobody. In fact, he even used, as I remember, the Justice Department to go after reporters.
Remember? Remember? When he's talking about how I should be nice to the fake news. No thank you. And let's not forget President Obama's false promises about our trade deals. Just one. His administration promised that with South Korea we would create in a trade deal 70,000 jobs. But instead of that, it killed over 100,000 jobs in our country.
It was a horrible deal, which by the way, I have totally renegotiated and made it a good deal. Lie after lie, broken promise after broken promise, that's what he did. Unlike President Obama, we live by a different moto. It's called promises made, promises kept. And we've done more than we ever said we would.
We said we were going to do things and we've done a lot more and they will be the first to tell you tell. Democrats' plan -- that's right, the magic wand, right? Remember, he said you need a magic wand to produce manufacturing jobs. Well, we just hit almost 600,000. Democrats' plan to destroy healthcare, also includes raiding Medicare to fund benefits for illegal immigrants.
I'm sure you don't mind that. As we speak, Democrats are openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to violate our laws and to over run our borders. They want to sign illegal aliens up for free healthcare, free welfare, free education and the right to vote. Otherwise, they don't get much. Illegal immigration cost American tax payers more than $100 billion every single year, more than 20 times the entire state budget of the sate of West Virginia.
We need to use our precious resources to help low income Americans who respect our laws, not caravans who break in to our country and break our laws. We don't want that. We don't want that, I'm sorry. Now, we don't mind if they come in, but they have to come in legally. Democrat immigration policies not only drain our treasury, but they threaten our communities.
Nearly 100 percent of heroin in the United States enters though the southern border, along with roughly 90 percent of cocaine, the majority of meth and a substantial portion of the ultra lethal fentanyl killing a youth drug, fentanyl -- the worst. These drugs kill more than 70,000 Americans every single year.
Last year alone, our brave ICE officers who they want to get rid of by the way, these are tough, great, strong patriots. We need strength, arrested more than 127,000. Think of that, 127,000-- Aliens- With criminal records, including those charged or convicted of 48,000 assaults, 12,000 sex crimes and 1,800 homicides.
They want to get rid of them, let's get rid of ICE. What are these people thinking? That's why you have to have Patrick Morrisey and Carol. You have to vote them in on Tuesday. You have to do it. Yet Democrats want to abolish ICE, they want to turn America in to a giant sanctuary for criminal aliens, drug dealers and MS-13 killers.
And by the way, we remove thousands over the last little bit less than two years that I've been here. Thousands and thousands of MS-13 gang members have been thrown the hell out of the country. A blue wave equals a crime wave -- you don't hear too much about the blue wave anymore though, do you? Remember a couple of months -- oh, the blue wave, oh the blue wave.
Now they don't talk -- you know, I'm not saying they don't squeak it by, maybe because they got of races and I can't go everywhere. Can't go everywhere. But now they're talking about (inaudible). I mean, you know let's see what happens. Going t be an interesting day at the office. You remember that election two years ago?
There were a lot of really happy people that night, but there were some that were slightly -- not too happy. Cry, baby, cry. A red wave equals jobs and safety. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. And Republicans will always stand with the heroes of ICE, border patrol and our great law enforcement.
You have great law enforcement right here... in West Virginia. I look at those people -- I'm looking at your law enforcement right there. I feel very safe. Thank you, fellas. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, fellas. And, yes, the wall is happening. It should happen immediately. It's moving beautifully. The design is beautiful, and it's happening.
And some communities in California, of all places, down to miss San Diego, we're just about finishing it up. But they're demanding the wall. They want the wall. I said, "Let's not give it to them because then they'll put pressure on their government to build it," right? Now once we build it for them, they'll say, "We shouldn't have a wall." But they already have their wall.
That's the way it works, folks. Border security is also a woman's issue. You know, they keep talking about women. Trump with women. Remember the last election? "Well, Donald Trump won't do very well with women." I did great with women. Look at the (inaudible). I did great. Right? I did great with women. In fact, at the end, when I won, they -- they said, "You know, a statistic we got wrong, women really came out for Trump." I said, "Thank you.
Thank you." Same thing now. Because women want safe neighborhoods for their families, right? They want great schools, health care for their children. They want to keep drug dealers and predators and traffickers -- how about the traffickers? These are human traffickers. These are the worst scum in the world.
They want them out of our country. And we do that. The Democrats don't do that. They want the open borders. Fly right in, folks. Come on in. We don't care who the hell you are, come on in. Think of it, 300 people. You know, we're getting a lot of heat because, I was saying, there were some bad people in that caravan.
Right? So we checked, 300 people. I read them out to you. That is one more reason why women all across the nation are going to show up and vote Republican on Tuesday. They want security. They want safety. They don't want to have these people coming in. They don't want to have -- some of these people are just horrible people.
You have to see the crimes they've committed. This election is about security, and it's about prosperity. For years, you watched as we let foreign countries plunder our wealth and shutter our factories and steal our jobs. And you watched helplessly. We don't watch helplessly any more. Those days are over.
We've added half a million manufacturing jobs -- soon to be 600,000 -- since the election, including 32,000 in just the last month.
These were jobs that the previous administration said would never happen. And these are great jobs. These are among our greatest jobs. Manufacturing jobs. And thanks to our tariffs that we put on steel that was coming in, and they were dumping it all over the place and destroying our steel companies and our aluminum industry.
Roaring back. Steel industry is roaring back. And for the miners, by the way, in Minnesota and other places, we're grabbing that iron ore and they're making steel. And the hottest industry -- one of the hottest industries now, look at what's happened to steel. Steel, like coal, it was going off the cliff.
You weren't going to have a steel industry in this country and we need it. Certain industries you need, you need steel. You don't have steel -- you need it for defense. What are we going to go incase we're -- hopefully we'll never have a problem, ok. I made the military -- it'll be stronger than it ever was before ever and that's why you won't have a problem.
You know, if you don't want to have a problem, make your military much stronger than anybody else ever thought possible, but we need steel. How about this? We don't have any -- so see our steel bills were finished. We were going down -- you guys understand that, but we were going down. Now it's so hot, but you need steel.
There are certain industries you have to have -- you need defense. You don't have it -- you have purpose, what are we gonna do? We have a conflict and we call China? We need more steel. Please, please, could we have some more steel? It's ridiculous. Our steel industry is roaring back and we're putting billions of dollars in our treasury because we're charging 25 percent tax on those people that dump their steel.
They dump is all over the place in order to destroy our steel industry and the miner are coming back, in this case, since the iron ore and it's coming out and it's gonna -- it's a beautiful thing to see. I mean we've rebuilt -- we really started that about eight months ago, really heavy started it. I wanted to get my feet a little bit wet as President, right.
We started it about eight months ago. It's incredible. The head of U.S. Steel called up, he said I've never said anything like it -- what you've been able to do in such a short period of time. They're building seven new plants, they're expanding plants. Nucor -- Nucor, a big steel company is building brand new plants $750 million, $900 million brand new plants.
It's incredible. They haven't been built in years. Last month, I announced that we're replacing the horrible NAFTA deal, one of the worst -- stupidest deals ever made with an incredible brand new U.S. Mexico Canada agreement. We've taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's abusive trade practices and we're doing very nicely.
We'll probably make a deal. They want to make a deal. America is being respected again. We're respected as a country again. We were not respected for a long time. We were laughed at just like these stupid immigration laws. The whole world looks at it, they laugh, they said what is this all about? A person comes into our country -- another country throws them out.
Hey, get out. You're not supposed to be here, you have to go through a process. You know what we do? We take them -- we can't do anything -- we bring them through a court proceeding. We take a person who walks onto our property we have a big deal -- a court case. They have lawyers, we have lawyers and what happens is then they go away and is supposed to come back for the trial.
Could be two years, three years later and they disappear into the country never to be seen again. There's no trial, very few people come back -- almost none. This is the procedure. This is the law. This is crazy. And the Democrats don't want to change it because they know its chaos and a disaster and they think that's good, but I think it's good for us because I think they overplayed their hand.
And how these caravans were formed, you'll have to figure that out. But they overplayed their hand too, assuming they had something to do with it but it was very well organized, amazingly, in Honduras and the different places very well. And you know they came up and I'll tell you people are really energized.
They're energized about that, they're energized about the way justice, as you know Kavanaugh. Just as Kavanaugh was treated, they're energized when they saw the way he was -- Brett Kavanaugh -- when they saw the way he was treated, they're energized about a lot of things. They want to see us be a great, respected country.
And that's what's happening. We have taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs to help critically ill patients get life saving treatments. We passed something that they've been trying to pass for many, many years. It's called right to try where you can try stuff. That isn't out yet, but it's looking promising.
That's such an important thing. They've been trying to pass that for decades. I got it done. After years of surging premiums, the cost of healthcare is finally coming down. We're getting the cost of healthcare down. And last month, I proudly signed the largest bill to fight the opioid epidemic. It's the largest bill in American history.
We passed Veterans Choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor. And the landmark VA accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreat our veterans will be held accountable. You are fired. Get out. We secured $700 billion and $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military. And we gave our great warriors, I know you have some of them right here.
And I know they don't care about this, they couldn't care less, they don't mind; maybe we'll take it back. We gave them the largest pay raise they've had in more than a decade. OK? Our military. They deserve it. And my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth ranch of the American armed forces, the Space force.
I was (inaudible) the United States from the horrible one sided Iran nuclear deal. And just today, we riposted all sanctions that were lifted under that horrible deal. Just today. We now have in place the toughest ever sanctions on a corrupt regime in Iran. We've recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
Many, many presidents said they were going to do that, they never got it done. I got it done. I even got it built. I already built the embassy. $1 billion under budget, right? One billion. One billion under budget. It was supposed to go as $1.1 billion, we go tit done for less than $500,000. That's not bad, that's -- it's a long story, I won't bother telling you this.
But it's pretty amazing. And there are many things like that. Together, we have made extraordinary progress. And we're just getting started. But the democrats want to turn back the clock and put America in reverse and give power back to corrupt, selfish ruling class people. And they want to take the power back for themselves.
But we are not going backwards, we're going forwards. I need your vote for a republican house. I need your vote for a republican senate. So we can continue this incredible movement, the greatest political movement in the history of our country. And I say it all the time. And they can challenge it. Greatest movement in the history of our country.
You know, Bernie Sanders had a reasonably good movement. But Hilary clipped him. Yes, don't look in that one, he got clipped. But we would've beaten him easy. He would've been easier. Crazy Bernie. We will keep on cutting your taxes, reducing your regulations and raising your incomes. We will protect Medicare and your social security.
Remember what I said during the debates? Everyone was talking about cutting the social security and all -- I said we're not touching your social security. We haven't touched it in a long time now.
We will defend your right to free speech, religious liberty and we will continue to confirm judges who will interpret the Constitution as written. We will fully secure the border, we will pass case law, we stop sanctuary cities, we will stop catch and release, and visa lottery, and chain migration, and we will keep the criminals, drug dealers, and terrorists the hell out of our country.
We will lift millions of our citizens from Welfare to work. Dependents to independents and poverty to prosperity, that's what's going to happen. For years you watched as your leaders apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for American. We're standing up for your values, we're standing up for West Virginia, and we are proudly standing up for our national anthem.
To continue our incredible momentum, I need you to get your family, get your friends, get your neighbors, get your coworkers and go out and vote Republican for all of them and our two stars right here. On Tuesday, I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to crying Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, and the radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey.
Loyal citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country, returning power to you -- the American people like we said we were going to do. This great state was built by some of the toughest men and strongest woman ever to walk the face of the earth. These proud West Virginia patriots braved the wilderness and defied the dangers to build a life and a home with their own two hands.
They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury but they all had one thing in common. They love their families, they love their country, and they loved their God, right? They loved their God. They loved their God is right. These courageous American's did not shed their blood, sweat and tears, so that we could sit at home will others try to erase their legacy, tear down our history, and destroy our proud American heritage.
For the sake of our freedom and for the sake our children we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender, and we will always fight on to victory, always, always.
Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God and together we will make America wealthy again. Make America strong again. Make American safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you very much, West Virginia. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. And I see these signs all over place, Tigers for Trump. I like that. I like that. Hello, Missouri. I'm thrilled to be back in the American heartland, right here... with the incredible men and women that make this country run. You know it, too.
In just five days, the people of Missouri are going to retire far-left Democrat Claire McCaskill... who's been saying such nice things about me. But you know what? She'll never vote with me. That's the problem. She's been saying nice things. I said, I didn't know she was a Republican. She'll never vote.
She'll never vote. She never has, and she didn't even vote for Justice Kavanaugh. Think of that. Didn't vote. And you're going to send Missouri patriot -- and that's what he is. He loves your state. He loves you as people. He loves this country -- Josh Hawley to the United States Senate. He's a good man.
He'll be a star. Josh shares your values, and he will fight for your values all the time. So I need everyone to show up and vote. You've got to vote for Josh. And that's why I'm here, other than the fact I like you very much. And I'm actually coming back on Monday. Do you believe it? Coming back to Missouri on Monday.
We've got to make sure. He's a star in our country. He is going to be something special. He's going to represent you for a long time, and he's going to represent you well. This is one of the most important elections of our lifetime. This election will decide whether we build on an extraordinary prosperity that we have achieved, probably the greatest economy in the history of our nation.
Think about it. Or whether we let Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and Claire McCaskill... and the radical Democrats wipe it all away. And they can do that. We've got to win. Under Republican leadership, America is booming. America is thriving. And America is winning because we are finally putting America first.
The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in over 50 years. More Americans are working now than any time in history. Think of that. More Americans -- just think of that. So today, right now, we have more Americans working than at any time, any time in the history of our country. That's pretty good.
That's pretty good. That'll be a very good soundbite in the debate when we face one of those Democrats, whoever it may be. African American and Hispanic American poverty are at an all-time low. Our economy is at an all-time high. We've cut a record number of job-killing regulations, more than any administration in the history of our country, in less than two years, by the way, in less than two years.
So we've done in less than two years what any other president or administration did in four years, in eight years, or, in one case, in more than eight years. We've cut more. Pretty good. And we have more to cut. Republicans passed a massive tax cut for working families, and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class.
And remember the Democrats are going to substantially raise your taxes. Just what you need. We're putting our coal miners and steelworkers back to work. We're taking care of our veterans and our military... and we will soon have the most powerful military that we've ever had by far. The choice in this election could not be more clear.
The Republican agenda is the mainstream agenda of the American people. It's how we all got here, the greatest movement in the history of politics in our country. It's about you, not about me. The Democrat agenda is the agenda of the extreme far left. They've gone crazy, folks. They've gone totally loco. Republicans are the party of all Americans.
We welcome citizens from all walks of life and embrace freedom of thought, freedom of speech, and freedom of everything else. The Democrats are the party of rigid ideology and total conformity. They demand absolute agreement. And they dismiss, demean, and demonize anyone who questions their radical ideas.
Did you ever see anything like what's going on? You can't have dinner. You can't have dinner. Do you see what they're doing to our people? I mean, see what they're doing to people that represent our thought? And we're being so nice. We're being so nice. And let's stay being nice, right? We'll stay being nice.
Because we are tough as hell. We -- we're going to stay nice.  Don't forget: We've got the police. Law enforcement loves us. I don't know if they get anything out of -- I said to the police the other day, we're so high in the polls, we're trying to figure out who is representing the other side?
We don't even know. We want to figure it out. But we have the police. We have law enforcement. They're great people. We have bikers for Trump. Bikers for Trump. Is that 100 percent or, like, 95 percent? We have -- the military is for us. The vets are for us. The veterans are all for us. Veterans' choice.
We got 'em veterans' choice. No, we want to be nice. We're much tougher, we're much smarter, we're much more sane. We believe in the process. We don't run around like Antifa with their little arms and then go home back home into Mommy's basement... and put on the black uniform and the black helmet. Oh, it's so disappointing when those helmets fall off and you look at this weak little face, isn't it? And they hit people with clubs.
You know, they hit 'em again and again. Oh, they're so lucky we're nice, oh. Oh, they're so lucky! Then they go back home and they get yelled at by Mom and Dad. The Democrats lie. And you know what? I'm going to say, because this effort is the angry far-left media. The great Ed Rollins just said, I just heard it, that never before has a president had to withstand the level of partisan assault from the media that President Trump has had to withstand.
No, it's true. Because nobody ever had to take this. If we do great things, they come out bad. No matter what we do -- we could do the greatest in the world, should have gone faster. Well, they're doing that a little bit with -- not a little bit, how about a lot -- with North Korea. I took over North Korea.
You know, President Obama knows they were ready to go to war. And now we're getting along. No rockets, no nothing. They say, why can't he go faster? They've been doing this for 75 years. Why can't he go -- four months. It's been a long time. Been a long time. And today, I spoke to President Xi, great guy, great man from China.
And he is the boss. He's the head of China. And we spoke, and I said, look, we have to make a fair trade deal. He wants to do it. They all want to do it. We're going to the make -- lots of great things are going to happen over the next short period of time. But we had a great talk with President Xi on North Korea.
We had a great -- and the border is holding. And they've been honorable. And they're doing what they said they were going to do. And my relationship with Kim Jong-un is very good. And we are getting to a point where they really want to do something. And we're not going to have to worry about millions of lives being lost and nuclear weapons going up all over the place... and flying over Japan and everybody else.
No, it's been amazing. But no matter what you do, they actually got to a point -- because, you know, with North Korea, it is, we got our hostages back, right? We're getting the remains -- I don't know if you saw how beautiful that was. Mike Pence went to Hawaii. The remains of our great heroes from so many years ago are being sent back.
That never happened. Nobody expected that. That was so beautiful. And they're all coming -- they're coming back. They're coming back rapidly. No more missiles going up, no more nuclear tests for a long time. If you read the papers today, it came out to the surprise of a lot of people -- not a surprise to me -- that they don't mind having people come over, the experts, and check the sites.
We're doing well. And we kept the sanctions on. The sanctions are what we have, the sanctions are -- we haven't taken sanctions off. And, hopefully, we'll be able to when we're down the road. We want to take the sanctions off. We want North Korea to be very successful. But you know what? The new line, they met -- m-e-t -- they met.
We met. In other words, I actually met. And that's the thing we gave up. I said, I met. How am I going to do it if I don't meet? I met. So -- so their new line is he met. And because he met, it's a terrible thing for our country. Let me tell you, we would be in a nuclear war right now if the right person didn't come along.
So we're doing well. We're doing well. And again, with China, we're doing really well, too, on trade. They want to make a deal. We've got to make the right deal. Five hundred billion dollars a year for years have been coming out of this country, and lots of other things. And I said we have to make right deal.
We're going to make the right deal. It's going to work out good. But we had a great conversation today that you know about, nobody else knows -- now today that's going to be the news. Sorry about that, Josh. But he understands it. He gets it. We're doing great. As a country, we're doing great. We've never done better.
We are doing really well. And they're attacking me, really, because I'm fighting for you, and that's OK. That's a good reason because... because we really have to bypass the media, because it's so one-sided and unfair, in order to get straight to the American people. That's what we're doing. So that's what we're doing.
And it seems to work out pretty well, because here we are. Right? Here we are, folks. But someday we're going to get a good story from these people. Someday. And it's not all of them. Look, you have some of the fine people, some of, really, finest people I know. I know reporters, journalists, others, they're fine people.
But some are not honest. And we have to -- we have to just go around 'em. We just have to go around 'em, and we have gone around them like nobody in history has ever gone around them. Republicans believe in lower taxes, less regulation, and more American energy. We just became number one in the world in energy production.
Thank you. It's amazing what you can do with cutting regulations that are unnecessary. Amazing. And some regulations, by way, are very necessary. I want the cleanest water on the planet. We want the cleanest air on the planet. And we've got it. But we want to keep it just that way. We've got it. Better now than ever before.
Democrats want higher taxes, much higher taxes... They want many more regulations, and they want to shut down American energy. We're not shutting down American energy. It's an asset for us. Republicans want strong borders, no crime, no chaos, and no caravans.  Thank you. Thank you.
And the wall is being built. We spent $1.6 billion... we spent another $1.6 billion this last year. We're getting another one -- we want to build it all at one time. We need it. They are doing everything in their power, the Democrats, to delay it and to stop it. And you need the wall. And now it's more obvious than ever.
We'll get it. We'll get it. We'll get it. I don't like doing it in bits and pieces, but that's what they're forcing us to do. And, you know, we called up the military, because we're not going to let people come into our country when you look at that illegally. Not going to happen. Our great military. And I don't know if you saw the one is coming up, that's a big caravan.
The only time I've seen them, they underestimate the crowd. They want to underestimate that crowd, which is easy for them, actually, to do. But that's a lot of people. Now if you see what's going on in El Salvador, and if you see what's going on in Honduras, and if you see what's going on in lots of places, they're starting little mini-caravans.
Not going to happen, folks. And the second -- I call it caravan number two. That one came out. Did you see these? Did you see how tough these young men, mostly young men, strong, tough, what they did to the police, the Mexican police, in breaking through the border? What they did -- what they did to the Mexican military in breaking through the border?
These are tough people. These are not angels. These are not little angels. These are tough people. And we're not letting them into our country. They're not coming in illegally. Right? And you take a look at the scene, where thousands and thousands of people are marching, and then you hear that Democrats want to have open borders, and they want to invite caravan after caravan into our country, overwhelming your schools, your hospitals, and your communities.
And by the way, those caravans, you know, you look at what's happening, does anybody think that's just by accident that they're forming? Does anybody think -- does anybody think? You know, I think what happened -- I really believe somebody was involved that's not on our side of the ledger. Somebody was involved.
And then somebody else told them, you made a big mistake. Look at what happened. You have made a big mistake, because people have really galvanized over this. We want people to come into our country, but they have to come into our country legally and through merit. And through merit. We need people. With a 3.7 percent unemployment, we have many, many companies moving back into our country.
I was with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. He gave me company after company -- automobile company -- moving to Michigan, moving to Ohio, moving to Pennsylvania. You don't really need 'em over here, you're doing so well. But you want one? I'll get you one, too. No, but they're moving. And I'm not just talking about automobile companies.
You look at -- look at how well your economy's doing now. Your economy was horrible a number of years ago. Look at your economy. Look what's happened. But we need people to come in to help run -- North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida. We need people to help run these massive car companies and other companies.
Look what we got, Foxconn, one of the great companies of the world, what they did in Wisconsin for Governor Walker. I mean, what he's done, what he did -- and I was very much involved with that one, and I want to give him full credit, because, I'll tell you what, I gave him that one, and he took it, and got it done.
It's one of the great companies of the world, and you have to see what they built. You have to see what they built in Wisconsin. Scott Walker. You have to see what they built. It's incredible, actually. It's as good as anything I've ever seen. But we need people. But we need people that can do the job. We need people -- it has to be based on merit.
No more lotteries. Oh, let's see, lottery, lottery, who are these people? You know, when countries do lotteries and they put people in a lottery, do you really believe they're giving us their finest?  And then we have problems, and we say we don't understand it. Republicans want judges who will interpret our Constitution as written.
They don't want to make 'em up. Democrats want judges who will rewrite the Constitution to impose their own radical views. And you see that happening at the border, and you see it happening all over. But we've appointed a lot of judges. We'll soon have a record in the number of federal district judges and judges that we've appointed.
And, of course, two Supreme Court judges. Two Supreme Court -- two great justices of the Supreme Court. A few weeks ago, we achieved that historic victory for our Constitution and for the rule of law. We defeated the Democrat mob and proudly swore in the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, who was treated very, very unfairly, by the way, Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
Justice Kavanaugh was treated as unfairly as any human being I've ever seen. I've never seen anything like it. But in the end, they all got smart, and we got him on. He was supposed to be a Supreme Court judge, like, 10 years ago, 12 years ago, long before I did this. I used to hear about a man named Brett Kavanaugh who someday will be on the Supreme Court, because of the intellect.
Great scholar. Great everything. And then he gets treated like the way he was treated? How unfair was that? But we got him in, and this will be the election of Kavanaugh, the caravans, law and order, tax cuts, and common sense. Common sense. A Republican Congress means more jobs and less crime. A Democrat Congress means more crime and less jobs.
And that sort of works. That's pretty good, isn't it? Wow. I'd almost like to repeat that. That's pretty good. This election is a choice between Republican results and radical resistance. It's a choice between greatness and gridlock. It's a choice between jobs and mobs. And it's a choice between an economy that is going strong and the Democrats who are going crazy.
So true. So this November 6th, vote against the Democrats and vote for commonsense Republicans. You're going to drain the swamp, you're going to replace the Democrats. It's happening. It's happening so fast. It's happening faster than anybody can believe. You know, it's all happening much faster than anybody could believe.
Even one of them recently said that President Trump made promises, but he's kept many more promises. I mean, far more than I made. Think of it. It's true. It's true. It's true. And we're not even that close to the second year, you know? We're not that close, right? We still have a couple of months to go. And we've done a lot.
We are honored tonight to be joined by a man that I've gotten to know very well, one of your Republican great people, and a great leader, Governor Mike Parsons. Mike? Where's Mike? Thanks, Mike. You're doing a great job. But I want to take full credit for what's happened in Missouri, Mike, is that OK? Great job, Mike.
Thank you. A friend of mine who's so outstanding, he's with us all the time, who works hard, loves the people of this state and loves this state, Senator Roy Blunt. Thanks, Roy. Great guy. And representatives, congressmen, women, great people that really work, and they always -- they always are with us. They never let us down.
Blaine Luetkemeyer... Vicky Hartzler... a man who did an auction recently. That was the coolest thing I've seen in a long time, you know? You get used to watching those hearings, and you're just falling asleep. And then you hear this sound, you say, what the hell is that? It was Billy Long. How good was he? And is he a great guy?
Congressman Billy Long. Great guy. Great friend of mine. And, of course, a man who, again, loves this state and loves the people and gets it done, never lets us down, Jason Smith. Jason? Thank you, Jason. Great group. Thank you also to former United States Attorney General John Ashcroft and his son, Secretary of State Jay Ashcroft, for being here.
Thank you both. Thank you, fellas. We're especially proud to be joined by a star. This is somebody that's going to win. He's going to go on to great, great things in our country. And he's been a winner from day one. We're very proud of him. He's doing well. He's up in the polls. But do yourself -- just pretend he's one point down, please, OK? Because he is outstanding.
We cannot take a chance on something going awry on Tuesday. That's why I'm coming again on Monday. We can't take that chance. You people in Missouri, you're going to say, I can't believe it, the president's here again! But I'm here, because I believe in Josh Hawley. And come on up, Josh. Come on.
Isn't it an incredible honor to have President Donald Trump in Missouri? It's amazing. It's amazing. You know, you know, President Trump won in the state of Missouri in 2016 by 20 points. Twenty points! More than anybody. And President Trump is delivering for Missouri. He's delivering. Now, the only thing is, I noticed that some of those career politicians in Washington, D.C., haven't noticed and haven't gotten with the program.
You've had some good ones, haven't you? Josh is running against far-left Democrat and card-carrying member of the Washington, D.C., group that we all know so much about, Claire McCaskill, who, by the way, I've seen commercials, I've seen her statements. She now all of a sudden loves border security. Where did that come from?
Did you -- today! I was watching her interview, and every time -- every third sentence, like, we love Trump. We love border security. The president's right about border security. I said, what happened to her? Look, the fact is, she wants to get elected, and then she's always going to vote against us, folks.
OK? A vote for Claire is a vote to make Chuck Schumer majority leader and to enact the extreme agenda of Nancy Pelosi and, of course, the legendary Maxine Waters. Claire McCaskill promised to represent the people of Missouri, but she broke that promise and joined radical Democrats in Washington. She's not representing Missouri.
And Josh said it, I won by 20 points. I know the people. I know the people. Your senator, Senator Blunt, knows me very well. He will tell you. I know the area well. We campaigned, we worked together, and we know the people. That's not what you want. You don't want Claire McCaskill. She voted against the massive tax cuts that you got.
And by the way, she will end up trying -- with them, they've got a long way to go -- trying to increase your taxes very substantially. She voted against Neil Gorsuch. And she joined the Democrat mob and voted against our great Justice Brett Kavanaugh. She's got one of the most open borders, until today, voting records in Congress.
Today she changed. I must take that back. Did she change? Maybe. Josh, did she change? She's totally for open borders, but today she thinks I'm right. I don't know. But you know what? On November 7th, she'll say I was wrong. Claire McCaskill voted no on Kate's law. She voted no on enhanced vetting for refugees.
Just let 'em come in, folks. Let 'em come in. Did you see the guy today, they interviewed him? I put it on social media, because I'm being nice. And they said, well, what do you want? Well, I want a pardon, I want a pardon. A woman, like -- she's like this reporter, I guess. And innocent, nice. Oh, you want a pardon?
What did you to? What did you do? What did you do? Murder. Murder! Homicide, something. What did you do? Murder. And she -- this is one of the people in the caravan, by way. What did you do? Murder. You want murder? You want a pardon? This is -- can you believe what's going on in this country? But we're getting a change.
This big ship is turning a lot faster than anyone thought possible. And remember that Claire McCaskill voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities. We don't want sanctuary cities. So don't listen to what Claire says. Just look at how she votes. All you have to do is take a look. She votes with the crazy Democrats, and they have gone crazy.
A vote for Claire is a vote for more taxes, more crime, and more illegal immigration. Very simple. And just to finish up, you vote for Josh, you're going to reduce your taxes, you're going to substantially reduce crime. We're doing great, anyway, considering we have the worst immigration laws in the history of the world, the dumbest laws, laws that make no sense on illegal immigration.
But we're doing well anyway. We're taking thousands and thousands of MS-13 gang members, and we're throwing 'em the hell out of the country back where they came from. And you know who's doing that? Law enforcement and ICE. They want to get rid of ICE. And nobody in this room -- I see a couple of guys that wouldn't mind, I see a couple of people.
I see one woman there that wouldn't mind, too. But nobody here wants to do that. And they do it. It's like a day in the office. They're tough, and they're smart. And that's what you have to be. You have to be tough. These people, they call them nests. You go into a nest. They are bad. Everyone needs to show up and vote for Josh Hawley.
Please do it. Please do it. A majority of the Democrats on the ballot for Congress have already signed up to support a total socialist takeover of health care that would totally destroy Medicare. So true. The Democrat plan would eliminate Medicare Advantage for more than 400,000 Missouri seniors who depend on it. Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it. And guess what?
They've paid for it. They've been paying for it for a long time. And Republicans will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. The Democrat plan also raids Medicare to fund benefits for illegal aliens. That's great. Democrats are the party of open borders, socialism, and crime, whether you like it or not.
As we speak, the Democrat Party is openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and bankrupt our country, and they want to sign them up for free health care, free welfare, free education, and, of course, the right to vote. Great. And the Democrats want to continue giving automatic birthright citizenship to every child born to an illegal alien.
Even if they've been on our soil for a mere matter of seconds. Hundreds of thousands of children born to illegal immigrants are made automatic citizens of the United States every year because of this crazy, lunatic policy that we can end. That we can end. We need support, but we can do it. And they're all made instantly eligible for every privilege and benefit of American citizenship.
All of you? You get nothing more than they do. They're full citizens. And it's costing us many, many billions of dollars a year. You don't realize what a big industry -- it's an industry. And many come from China. You'll be surprised. China now is number one. We're not talking just South America, Latin America.
We're talking about China, parts of Asia. It's crazy. Think of it. You're an enemy of our country. You're a general with war on your mind. You're a dictator who we hate and who's against us. And that dictator has his wife have a baby on American soil. Congratulations. Your son or daughter is now an American citizen.
Does anybody think this makes sense? Does anybody think it makes sense? Congratulations, General, you have a United States citizen as your daughter. It's crazy. It's crazy. But we're getting it all worked out. This policy has even created an entire industry. It's called, you know, birth tourism, where pregnant mothers from all over the world travel to America to make their children instant lifelong citizens with guaranteed everything.
Everything. Everything that you have is guaranteed. Welfare, public benefits, right? Birthright citizens in turn can then bring their entire extended family into our country through chain migration. That's another beauty. Chain migration. You come into the country, you're like two months old, and you're going to take your brother and your sister and your mother and your father.
You're going to bring 'em all, aunts and uncles and grandfathers, and lots of people. I tell the story, we have -- a horrible incident took place on West Side Highway a year ago, where a maniac decided to kill people, so he's driving his car at a very, very high rate of speed along a park right along the beautiful Hudson River.
And there's a group of people working out and running and all sorts of things, recreation, most beautiful park along the river. And he decides to hang a right and run over many people. Eight people died. They never mention all the people that have been so horrifically injured, where they lose arms and legs and everything else.
They never mention. They say eight people died. What they don't tell you is that many arms lost, many legs lost. So they got him, this maniac. He'll be in court for the next 20 years, you know, fighting, claiming something with some good lawyer. But we'll get him eventually. And what happens? He is a man that through chain migration brought in his mother, his father, his uncles, his brothers, his sisters.
They think it's probably 22 people came on and into this country because of this guy who killed eight people and so gravely wounded and injured so many more. It's a disgrace. And we've got to change our laws. And the Democrats refuse to do it. And it's not because they don't know right from wrong. They think it's good politically for them to make us all go through hell to get those laws changed.
We're going to get 'em changed, OK? Democrats want to spend your money and give away your resources to the benefit of everyone but the American citizens. We're changing that rapidly, if you've noticed. If you want a government that cares about you, vote Republican. If you want your children to have a country, vote Republican.
You won't have a country. If you don't want America to be overrun by masses of illegal aliens and giant caravans, you'd better vote Republican. If you want to keep drugs, gangs, crimes, if you want to keep human traffickers -- think of that. In the history of our -- human traffickers, they steal, they kidnap women.
Many, many, many women. But they kidnap people. And it's a big business because of the internet. It's worse today worldwide, worse today than ever before. Think of it. The human traffickers. Who would even think this goes on? These are horrible, horrible people. And we are working on that so hard. It's because of the internet.
The internet gives them this tremendous advantage. They use the internet for horrible, horrible means, including ISIS, which as you know we've done a very serious number with... But we're going to keep these people out of our country. Vote Republican. And I told you, we're finishing the wall, we're working on the wall, we're taking down MS-13. We're supporting the heroes of ICE and Border Patrol and law enforcement.
You are going to get Josh Hawley. We're going to finish it up. We're so far ahead of schedule, it's incredible. This election is about safety, and it's also about your prosperity. We're going to keep it going. In less than two years' time, we have created over -- think of this -- we've created, in less than -- nobody would believe it. The wonderful media back there -- I'm trying to be nice -- the wonderful media, if I would have said during the campaign that we're going to create 4.2 million new jobs since the election and lifted over 4 million Americans off of food stamps, they'd say, how can he dare say a thing like that?
Well, that's what we did. Far, far, far greater than anyone thought. We've created almost 600,000 new manufacturing jobs. You remember the previous administration? We can't create manufacturing jobs anymore. They're the best jobs. They're the most important jobs. They're great jobs. And they're high-paying jobs.
And we do it better than anybody, 600,000. And it's going up rapidly as these companies come back into the United States. They all want to be in the United States, because now, for the first time in decades, we are where it's at. We're the hot country. Can you believe it?  We're the hot country.
And you know what? As a country, we are respected again. We're respected again. We're respected again. You didn't think you'd hear that, right? You never thought you'd hear that, right? They respect us. China respects us. And everybody, Russia respects us. They all respect the United States. They all respect what we've done.
You know, I meet a lot of leaders. They're great, you know, some of them. Some I like, some I don't like. What the hell. But every one of them, they come in, they say, Mr. President, congratulations on what you've done for this country, what you've done with the economy is incredible. We have the hottest economy in the world.
Think of it. And they all come in, congratulations, congratulations. African American unemployment has reached its lowest rate ever in recorded history. African American youth unemployment is at an all-time historic low. The Democrats have undermined jobs and wages in the African American community for years, for decades, for a century.
Republicans are fighting and delivering every day for the African American community, and they know it. They see it. The support is incredible. Hispanic American and Asian American unemployment rates have also reached all-time historic lows. Thanks to our pledge to America's workers, in just three months, we have secured commitments from over 160 of the biggest companies in our country to train and recruit more than 6 million workers, 5 percent of our force.
Women's unemployment just fell to 3.6 percent, which is, as you know, you've heard me say -- I'm trying to get that historic number. It's only 65 years, women. You know, they keep saying I'm not doing well with women. They said that before the last election. They said it -- they said it before the last election.
And then when the election was over, they said, you know, it's an amazing thing. He did great with women. What the hell. We're doing great. You know why? Women are smart. Women are smart. They're smarter than the men, but don't say I said it. Women are smart, and they want security. They have to have security.
They need borders. They want borders. They don't want people pouring into the country that you don't know where they come from, who they are, what their record is. There's nothing -- women want security. They want jobs, and they want homes, and they want -- but they have to have security. And women want security.
And that's why we're doing great with women, and we always have done well with women. Last month, I announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal, one of the worst trade deals ever made, probably the worst, with an incredible, brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement, the USMCA, right? Remember they said, oh, he's never going to be able to get it done.
And we got it -- and not only did we get it done, you're very happy with it, everybody's happy. We're happy. We're happy with it. The USMCA is a massive victory for Missouri farmers, manufacturers and dairy producers. We opened up Canada. It was closed. We opened up Canada. They're gladly taking our stuff.
Thanks to our tariffs, steel mills all across the nation are roaring back to the life. I taxed all of the dumped garbage steel. They were dumping garbage on our shores. I taxed them 25 percent. What you never hear is that billions of dollars will be flowing into our coffers. Billions. They're paying billions of dollars.
And our steel industry, as you know very well, is one of the hottest industries right now in the country. It's incredible what's happened in, literally, six months since I started really going to town on it. And aluminum. And aluminum. And by the way, we need a steel industry. We were going to have no steel industry within a couple of years.
U.S. Steel is now building seven plants. They're renovating plants. Nucor is building these massive new plants. They're going to town. And wait until you see what's going to happen ultimately. We're getting the iron ore from Minnesota, the finest quality stuff, we're getting it from here, we're getting it from all over.
Our mines are opening up. Our miners are working again, not just with coal. It's an incredible thing to see. But we need a steel industry. You know, some industries we can do without. I won't mention, because probably some of you are in those industries. But we need steel for defense. What happens if we don't have steel?
We were not going to have steel in a couple of years. It was going to -- it was a dead business. What happens if we don't have steel and we need it for military conflict? And hope that will never happen. We going to call up China and say, listen, we need some steel? Help, help, we need steel! We don't want to ask anybody for help.
So our steel industry is now thriving and getting better every single day. And it's jobs, and it's that money pouring into our coffers. It's beautiful. We've also taken the toughest-ever action to crack down on China's abusive trade practices. They understand it. And I think we're going to work a deal, you know, very good.
I think it's going to be very good. And if it's not, I'll let you know. It's got to be unbelievably good, because if it's not, they're going to say it's a terrible deal. And if it's unbelievably good, they'll say it's OK. If you read that the deal is OK, you know I really struck gold for this country. It's OK. He got the deal done, it's OK, you know?
We'll make billions and billions, and they'll say, OK, it's all right. Not bad. It's going to have to be really good for that. After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding, folks, our country. Every day, it's promises made, promises kept. We've taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs.
We're reducing the price. The drug companies aren't liking me too much now, but that's OK. That's OK. I've had people say that's more important than almost anything. I have people that say -- because we've done great on health care, but I've had people say that reducing the cost of prescription drugs is maybe in a certain way more important than health care.
And you watch what's going to happen. Just watch prescription drug prices. You know, I called up Pfizer and some of the great drug companies. They're great companies. Novartis, a couple of others, about a month ago, because they raised the price of their drugs. And I called, I said, what are you doing? You can't do that.
I'm cutting prices. Look, it's all profit. So much profit. They make so much profit. But they just raised it. You know, why not? They've been raising it for years. They got away with it with the politicians that didn't know what the hell they were doing. So they were raising the price of drugs, and they were going to raise them substantially, and they announced the raise.
One after the other, I called my people, Secretary Alex Azar, fantastic. I said, I've got to call these people. I called the head of Pfizer. I called some of the others. And that's when I realized this is a very powerful office. They had raised them. They had announced the raise of price. And they said, sir, we will immediately drop the price down to where it was.
Can you believe that? Can you believe that? It didn't get much news, folks, but you know it. You know it. At least I can tell you. Might as well talk about yourself, because nobody else is going to. Nobody else is going to! Nobody else. So these drug companies -- and I do appreciate Pfizer and Novartis and so many others, they really did, they dropped it down.
Now they're going to drop it down because we're getting rid of a lot of the middleman, it's called. I never heard middleman and middlewoman. You probably have some women in there, too, so we'll call them the middleman and the middlewoman. But this tremendous gap of wasted money. And we're knocking it down, and we are -- you're going to see some great results very soon.
To help critically ill patients get life-saving treatment, we passed something that they've been trying to pass for 46 years. It's called right to try. You all know what it is. Hopefully, nobody has to use it. I don't want you to use it. I hope you don't have to use it, but we have the finest doctors and research and medicines in the world.
And it's in the pipeline, and it takes a while, although we've cut the time way, way down. It was almost 15 years to get something approved. We're cutting it down. We're trying to get it scot. We're trying to get it down to three or four years. We have to be careful. But if we had something that really looked promising and somebody was terminally ill, they could not use that drug, and you'd see them -- if they had money.
If they didn't, they'd go home and there was nothing they could do. They're looking for hope. And what happened is they'd go all over the world, they'd go to Asia, they'd go to Europe, all over the world looking for a secret cure. And we have the best chance right here. So now you go in, you sign a piece of paper, which is just fine, and you get taken care of, and we have had some incredible results already.
It's amazing. It's really amazing. It's amazing. It's also a great way to see if it works, to be honest with you. I mean, it's a great way. But it gives these people hope. It gives them hope. And they don't have to go all over the world to much lesser talents and look for something. We have had already -- this was three months ago -- already some amazing stories.
We passed veterans' choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor. Forty-four years, and I thought it was my idea. And I said, I have the greatest idea. I went to my people. I have the greatest idea. What you'll do is instead of having them wait seven days, 23 days, 38 days, three months, we have had patients and people that were not very sick, and by the time they saw the doctor, they were literally terminally ill.
Now you go out and you see a private doctor, and we pay the bill. And Senator Blunt helped a lot on that, Senator Blunt. But I thought that was my idea. I'll tell you, I walked off -- I said, man, am I smart? I'm so smart. Then I went to my people, I said, I have an idea. We're going to take the person off the line, let them go see a local doctor maybe a block away, we pay the bill.
They said, yes, sir, we've been working on this for 44 years. But I got it done. So, you know, at least I got it approved, right? At least I got it approved. And we passed the V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans will be held accountable and we'll just look at them and we'll say, get out of here, you're fired.
Right? We secured $700 billion and the second year $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military. And I know it doesn't mean anything to the warriors that are with us tonight in the military, I know they couldn't care less about this, but we gave them their largest pay raise in more than 10 years.
They don't care. They don't care about that. And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces. It's called the Space Force. We're keeping America safe from radical Islamic terrorism. Being very careful. And we are keeping open the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay.
I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. What a difference that made. Iran is not the same country it was when I came into office, I will tell you. They were looking to take over Syria and Yemen and every place, Iraq. Right now, they want to survive. They were looking to the Mediterranean, which is very far away.
They wanted to see the Mediterranean. Right now, they have to survive. It's not the same country. Not the same country. Hopefully they're going to get smart. Hopefully they're going to get smart. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Together we've made extraordinary progress, and we are just getting started.
But if Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Claire McCaskill, and the crazy Democrats -- and one thing I will say, even Claire McCaskill today said they are crazy Democrats, which is pretty good -- if they get back into power, they will try everything they can to raise the hell out of your taxes and restore those regulations that have meant so much, impose socialism, destroy your Medicare, and eliminate your borders.
If you vote Republican this November, we will continue to cut your taxes, more so. We're working on bills right now. It's more money going into our system, believe it or not. Cut your regulations and raise your incomes. We will protect Medicare. And remember during the debates, during the debates, I was the only one -- I said, we will protect your Social Security.
Nothing's happened with your Social Security. We will continue to confirm judges who will support and defend the Constitution of the United States. We will fully secure the border. We will pass Kate's law. We will stop sanctuary cities. We will do all of it. And, folks, I'll tell you what, we have a tremendous opportunity to do something tremendous, just so great for our country.
This is a very important election. These are the midterms. Nobody thought of the midterms as being that big a deal for years. For years. Nobody thought of the midterms. You know, you hear midterms, it's like let's go to sleep, right? This year, we're breaking every single record in attendance for the midterms.
They're getting more people than some of the presidential elections. More people. And in one way, it's a beautiful thing. And I will tell you, we have gotten tremendous numbers, tremendous numbers of Republicans are going out to vote. Now, we did have two maniacs stop our momentum that was incredible, because for seven days, nobody talked about the election to stop the tremendous momentum.
More importantly, we have to take care of our people. And we don't care about momentum when it comes to a disgrace like just happened to our country. But it did nevertheless stop a certain momentum. And now the momentum is picking up. And it's picked up based on common sense. It's picked up based on strong borders.
It's picked up based on taxes. It's picked up based on everything you can think of that makes sense. Just add it in. We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. For years you watched as your leaders apologize for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America.
Proudly. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Missouri. And we are proudly standing up for our national anthem. Along with the Tigers. Right?  For every voter across this land, whether you are registered as a Democrat or Republican or an independent, we are asking for your support so that we can protect your family, your prosperity, and we can protect your great country.
To continue our incredible momentum, you must reject the Democrat politics of anger and hatred and division and fear. And you see it. You must stay no to open borders, no to socialism, and no to higher job-killing taxes. You must say no to Democrats. And you must say yes to Republicans. You must vote for Josh Hawley.
Get out there. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people. This is where we all started. It was right here in Missouri that the great explorers, Lewis and Clark -- that's very impressive -- that's very impressive, Lewis and Clark -- that's big time -- began their epic journey across the American West.
Their voyage of discovery led generations of tough frontier men and strong, brilliant pioneer women to defy the dangers and brave the wilderness to build a life and to build a home. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury. But they had one thing in common: They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God.
True. It's true. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy, tear down our history, and destroy our proud American heritage. We didn't do that. For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win.
We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender, ever, ever, ever. We will always go on. We will fight only to victory. We are one people and one family and one glorious American destiny. We all share the same home. We all share the same heart.
We all salute the same flag. And we are all made by the same almighty God. And to the people of Missouri, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Missouri. Thank you. Thank you.
So I'm going to one of my favorite places in the world -- Florida -- to speak on behalf of, hopefully, Governor DeSantis who's running a very good campaign. They've got it going now. And also, as you know, Rick Scott, who's been a great governor and hopefully he'll be your new senator.
I'm going to Florida. We'll spend a lot of time. We're going to make a speech tonight, or a rally. And we have a tremendous crowd. We have a lot of people. Whatever it is, it's packed.
So I look forward to being in Florida. And I guess some of you are going with us and some of your aren't. But if you're not, we'll be missing you.
It seems that the campaign is going very well. It looks like we're doing very, very well in the Senate. A lot of seats that were not really being thought of in terms of victories a year ago now are looking like they could very well be victories. And the House is -- a lot of people. I mean, there are a lot of people. And I think we're going to do well in the House, also. But I know we're doing well in the Senate, and it looks like we're doing okay in the House. We're going to have to see. There's just so many people.
Birthright citizenship is a very, very important subject. In my opinion, it's much less complex than people think. I think it says it very loud and clear in the Constitution that you don't have to go through the process of whatever they're talking about. And, by the way, this is not a Constitutional amendment. You don't need a Constitutional amendment for birthright citizenship.
I believe that you can have a simple vote in Congress, or it's even possible, in my opinion -- this is after meeting with some very talented legal scholars -- that you can do it through an executive order. Now, I'd rather do it through Congress, because that's permanent. But we can certainly do it through -- I really believe we can do it through executive order.
One other thing: If President Obama can get DACA approved, if you look at DACA -- where he actually said, "Well, this isn't legal, or this I can't do, but I'll do it anyway," and then he gets a judge to approve it -- and it will ultimately be decided by the Supreme Court, I hope quickly -- but certainly if he can do DACA, we can do this by executive order.
With that being said, I think Congress will ultimately act, but I may very well do it by executive order. Just so you understand: A person comes in, was never in our country before, has a baby, and now, all of a sudden, the baby is a United States citizen. And through chain migration and other things, many other people come in, through the baby. It's ridiculous.
All you have to do is take a look at what Harry Reid said in 1993. And guess what? Before he went insane, he got it right.
No, I'm not going to blame anybody. I think we're doing well with the House. We're going to have to see. It's a lot of people. I campaigned for a lot of candidates that were down a little bit, and now they're up. But we're going to see. I think we're going to do well in the House, and I think we're doing, really, extraordinarily well in the Senate.
Not betrayed me, no. I just hope that it all works out. We have a lot of facts. We have a lot of things that we've been looking at. They haven't betrayed me. I mean, maybe they betrayed themselves. We'll have to see how it all turns out.
No, I'm not fearmongering at all. Immigration is a very important subject. The Democrats have let immigration in our country get out of control with their horrible, not allowing us to have any votes to get passage. We need Democrat votes to change the immigration laws. They haven't given us any votes. And I actually think that they will.
As far as the caravan, which is very dangerous -- you see what's been happening -- as far as the caravan is concerned, our military is out. We have about 5,800. We'll go up anywhere between 10,000 and 15,000 military personnel, on top of Border Patrol, ICE, and everybody else at the border.
Nobody is coming in. We're not allowing people to come in. If you look at what happened in Mexico two days ago, with the roughness of these people in the second caravan that's been forming, and also, frankly, in the first caravan, and now they have one forming in El Salvador -- and we are thinking very seriously immediately stopping aid to those countries. Because, frankly, they're doing nothing for the American people. Immigration is a very, very big and very dangerous -- a really dangerous topic, and we're not going to allow people to come into our country that don't have the wellbeing of our country in mind.
Oh, they'll be here fast. They're trying to get up any way they can. They're trying to get up by train. They're trying to get up by truck and by buses. We're going to be prepared. They're not coming into our country. And one other thing important: We're not doing any releases anymore. We're not going to release and let them never come back to trial.
We'll build 10 cities. We'll build whatever we have to build, in terms of housing. But we're not doing releases. What's been happening over years is they would come in, release them, and they'd never show up for their trial. And we now have 25 or 30 million people in this country illegally because of what's been happening over many years.
So we're not going to allow it. It's dangerous. And it's very unfair to our citizens. With that being said, I want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally and they have to come through merit -- a merit system. Because we have many companies -- as you know, car companies, Foxconn, that does the Apple computers and iPhones -- we have many, many companies coming into our country. We need people. We want them to come in but we want them to come in through merit, and we want them to come in legally.
I wouldn't be surprised. I wouldn't be surprised.
I don't know who. But I wouldn't be surprised. A lot of people say yes.
We get along great. He's a good guy.
No, I don't think so. Whatever it is -- here's the thing: I don't view suburban districts or any other districts. I view the country. Our country has to be safe.
And, by the way, women -- we're doing very well with the women vote because they want security, they want safety. They don't want these people pouring into our country totally unchecked. And when you look at what happened to the Mexican police, and you look at what happened two days ago to the Mexican military, it's a dangerous group of people. They're not coming into our country. Thank you.
Hello, Florida. Hello, Florida. We love you, Florida. And I'm thrilled to be back in this great state, the great state of Florida, with thousands of hard-working American patriots. It's an important time in our country. In just six days, the people of Florida are going to send Rick Scott to the United States Senate... and Ron DeSantis will be your next governor.
Rick and Ron. Before going any further, I want to take a moment to address the horrific shooting at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. It was terrible. Eleven Americans were brutally murdered in an evil, anti-Semitic attack. Yesterday, I traveled to Pittsburgh to meet with the families and first responders.
And I especially want to thank Rabbi Jeffrey Myers. He was terrific. He was terrific. Fine man. We grieve for the families of the fallen, and we send our eternal gratitude to the law enforcement officers who sustained severe injuries taking down the gunman. They were incredible. They were incredible. They were incredible.
Could've been -- as bad as it was -- and it was bad -- it could have been far worse. They were unbelievable, and they got there fast. We pledge our resolve to remove the vile poison of anti-Semitism and so many other problems from our world, and we reaffirm our unbreakable solidarity with the Jewish people.
Thank you. Yesterday's visit to Pittsburgh was about coming together as a nation to comfort and to heal. After this day of unity and togetherness, I came home and sadly turned on the news and watched as the far-left media once again used tragedy to sow anger and division.  Sadly, they took a small group of protesters, far away from where we were, because we could not have been treated better, the first lady and myself, but we're representing the presidency.
And they did everything in their power to try to play it up and push people apart. That's what's happening. They're pushing people apart. It was fake, and it was make-believe, what they said. I came home, looked forward to seeing it, and it was sad. And when we talk about division, this is a big part of the division right there.
The far-left media has spread terrible lies and stories about the Trump administration and the tens of millions of people who make up our great movement, the greatest political movement in the history of our country. The greatest! The greatest. The greatest movement in the history of our country, and they don't even refute that fact.
It is possibly the greatest political movement anywhere. I can't think of any place else. It's because of you. The movement is you, and it's about you. Not me. It's about you. I am proud of the fact that my administration has boldly revitalized our nation's historic bond with Israel and moved the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem.
And remember, many presidents have promised to do that, many, many, many presidents. "We are going to move the embassy to Jerusalem," and then they don't do it. The reason is, it is not an easy thing to do. I've done it. And by the way, the embassy is already built. It's already open. And it came in $1 billion less than people thought.
They should like that. They should really like it. We've taken aggressive measures against the terrorist groups that seek the slaughter of innocent people all around the world for lots of different reasons. It's terrible. We've taken unprecedented action to confront the regime in Iran, and we have ended the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear catastrophe.
And Iran is a much different country today than the country that started off at the beginning of our administration almost two years ago. We have forcefully condemned hatred, bigotry, racism, and prejudice in all of its ugly forms, but the media doesn't want you to hear your story. It's not my story. It's your story.
And that's why 33 percent of the people in this country believe the fake news is, in fact -- and I hate to say this -- in fact, the enemy of the people. The left-wing media doesn't want to solve problems. They want to stoke resentment. It has to stop. They believe that progress isn't good for profit or for whatever reason it is they're playing their game.
Our movement is about safe homes, great jobs for every citizen. Our movement is about love for our fellow Americans. Our movement is for everyone and belongs to anyone who wants to build a better future. You can do it right here in the USA. Right here. Just look at the amazing things that we have all done working together.
The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in over 50 years. More Americans are working today than at any point in the history of our country. More -- think of that. How do you lose that debate when I'm up against one of these people that we're seeing and watching? Oh, I hope one of them gets that nomination.
When you say more people are working today than at any point in the history of our country, I think the debate is over. Hispanic American and African American poverty have reached all-time lows. African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment have all achieved their lowest levels in recorded history.
We have eliminated a record number of job-killing regulations, more than any other administration, no matter how long it went. We did that quickly. We passed a massive tax cut, biggest tax cut, for working families, and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class. And the Democrats want to raise your taxes substantially.
Remember that. Remember what Nancy Pelosi said: We will raise your taxes. And I'm trying to say, uh, is that good politics? I don't think so. But she really believes it. They want to raise your taxes. And all that we've built, it's very fragile. Somebody can destroy it pretty quickly if they don't know what they're doing.
We are taking care of our veterans. We are taking care of our military. And we will soon be more powerful than we have ever been before, our military. Our military is being rebuilt at a level that nobody can even believe. New planes, new rockets, new missiles, new ships. New satellites. Under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving, and America is winning because we are finally putting America first.
 But everything we have achieved -- and it's monumental -- is at stake in this election. Democrats want to erase our prosperity and reverse our progress. In less than one week, Americans will go to the polls in one of the most important elections of our entire lives. Although, I will say, not as important as 2016, but... I'd like to say, but not really.
Republicans want strong borders, no crime, no chaos, and no caravans. Democrats want open borders, and they want to invite caravan after caravan into our country, which brings crime upon crime. A vote for Democrats is a vote to liquidate America's borders. And it's a vote to let meth, fentanyl, heroin, and other deadly drugs pour across our borders, drugs that take the lives of over -- think of this -- over 70,000 Americans a year.
If you want high taxes and high crime, vote for the Democrats. Vote for the Democrats.  And the wall is being built. We just spent $1.6 billion on a big section. Another $1.6 billion now. We have another $1.6 billion coming, but we want to build it all at one time. All at one time.
Not in little pieces. But we're getting prepared for the caravan, folks. You don't have to worry about that. Getting prepared for the caravan. And they've got a lot of rough people in those caravans. They are not angels. They are not. You saw what happened two days ago with the Mexican military and the Mexican police.
You saw what happened there, how tough the opposition is. We're tougher than anybody. We're tougher than any force. And we're probably going to have to be, unfortunately. I tell them turn back, and they're not going to be released. It's called catch, but we take the word release out. We're not releasing anymore.
It's catch. We have no choice. If you want low taxes and low crime, vote Republican. This election is truly a choice between results and resistance. How about their whole theme, obstruct, resist. What the hell do you get out of that? Resist? They want to resist. Great, resist. It's the only thing they're good at. They resist and they stick together.
That is true. They stick together, great. But that's about it. They have bad policy, bad politicians, but they do stick together. Between greatness -- and this is really an election between greatness and gridlock. It will be gridlock. And it's a choice between an economy that is going strong and setting records at every level and the Democrats, who are going absolutely crazy, folks.
They're going crazy. So you have to go out on November 6th or sooner -- who voted? Who voted? Oh, wow! Everybody voted already? No kidding. Let me see it again. Who voted? Then what the hell am I doing here tonight? Goodbye. What am I doing here? Boy. That's like 100 percent of the people in this room voted.
All right. Let's just enjoy ourselves, OK? I can skip to that. But actually you see all the people back there? Looks like -- looks like the Academy Awards. I call them the Academy Awards. And by the way, I have to say this. You have some very good people also as reporters and journalists. I know some incredible people.
You have some that are not good at all. You have some very good people, too. I want to say that. You have some very good people. We are honored to be joined tonight by many great Florida Republicans, including a man who's so great to me on television. This guy is special. He was a great businessman. Now he's a great congressman, Francis Rooney.
Where's Francis? I love him when he defends me. He's brutal. He gets the job done, right, Francis? Thank you, man. Thank you. Another man, great, great talent, young, handsome, going places. You talk about defending, he's fantastic. Matt Gaetz. Thank you, Matt. Great job. These guys on television are very proficient, I have to be honest with you.
A man who people love and the state loves, a congressman who's done a fantastic job, he's always there, works so hard, Gus Bilirakis. Gus? Thank you, Gus. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Along with the next congressman from Florida's 17th district, Greg Steube. Greg? Greg Steube. And your state's chief financial officer, he watches all that money that pours in, Jim Patronis.
Jim, thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you, Jim. You know, they don't tell me where these people are sitting. You've got -- you've got -- this place has thousands of people. I sort of have to guess. I sort of have to guess. But we get it right. We're especially proud to be joined by the next United States senator from Florida, Governor Rick Scott.
Great guy. Governor Scott is doing a truly incredible job, leading your state's Hurricane Michael response, all of the hurricanes, all of the problems. He takes the problem and he turns it into an asset. He is an unbelievable talent. He works harder than anybody. Always calls up with good news. "Yeah, I've got this one taken care of, that one taken care of." He's a real -- he really is, he's a talent.
And we send our prayers to the Florida Panhandle, people we love, and everyone in that storm's path. That was a giant -- that was a tornado that was 50 times wider. That was brutal. We went there. We visited. We had houses ripped off their foundations. And even the foundations were gone. Nobody's seen anything like it. Together we will ensure that Florida comes back stronger than ever, already happening.
And you remember our hurricane last year, the response that we gave was A-plus, and Rick and everybody in Florida did a phenomenal job. Rick and Ron also worked closely with us to pass legislation to build a reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee. That was an expensive one. To clean Florida's water. That's a big one.
That's a big one. Those two guys worked hard on that. Rick Scott is one of the best governors in Florida's history. He's considered one of the best governors -- maybe the best governor, but one of the very, very top, elite governors anywhere in the country, and if elected, he will keep the Florida boom in full swing.
Rick Scott always delivers for the people of Florida. Rick Scott, please come up. Rick?
Great job, thank you. I know him well. He wants to go right now back to work. He wants to work. Rick is running against far-left Democrat Bill Nelson. You know that. A vote for Bill Nelson is a vote for Chuck Schumer. Remember this. Chuck Schumer -- and they want to enact the radical agenda of Nancy Pelosi.
During his three decades in Congress, Bill Nelson has developed one of the worst voting records of any lawmaker. Nelson voted against your tax cuts. He voted against virtually everything that we want, including regulation cuts. He voted against Neil Gorsuch and again Brett Kavanaugh. Figure that one. Bill Nelson voted against Kate's law, and he voted to support deadly sanctuary cities that release drug traffickers and violent predators into Florida communities because Bill Nelson wants open borders.
We don't want open borders. Our country can't survive with open borders. If you want a leader who shares your values and who will fight for your families, you need to get out and vote for Rick Scott. Now, I'm really talking about the people on television, because everybody in here has voted. All the people on television, vote for Rick Scott.
Finally, I'm thrilled to introduce the next governor of Florida, a great gentleman, Ron DeSantis. Ron is a veteran and he's a patriot, and he will continue the incredible jobs boom. And boom, you just look -- look at what's happening to this state. This is my state, also. Look at what's going on in the great state of Florida.
He'll continue what Governor Scott began. Florida's economy is one of the hottest anywhere in the nation, anywhere in the world, and Ron DeSantis is going to keep it that way. Ron will keep your taxes going way down, jobs going way up, and he will always support our veterans, our military, and our law enforcement.
Wow. So Ron is running against a radical socialist who wants to turn Florida, frankly, into Venezuela. Get used to it. It's what's going to happen, too. Andrew Gillum wants to take a wrecking ball to one of the most successful economies anywhere in the world, the Florida economy, with massive tax hikes, crippling regulations, and a socialist health care takeover that would destroy your state.
Andrew Gillum wants to throw open your borders to drug dealers, human traffickers, gang members, and criminal aliens. And Gillum supports deadly sanctuary cities. He wants to abolish ICE. And he signed an extreme left-wing pledge that supported an end to all borders. Oh, that's great. That's what we want.
Let those people pour right in, folks. Let them come enjoy you on your front lawn. Andrew Gillum is too extreme for the people of Florida. You're not going to -- you're not going to take it long. And he's also weak on crime. On Andrew Gillum's watch, there were more murders last year -- you just heard it -- I think Ron probably saw my speech, but everybody knows it -- than any year in the history of Tallahassee.
You know that. And Gillum is weak on corruption. Tallahassee is among the most corrupt cities anywhere in the United States. Is this really what you want in the state of Florida? Is this really what you want? And I have to tell you about Bill Nelson for a second. So he's running against our great Rick. I'm in Florida a lot.
I have a lot of different things in Miami and Palm Beach, and I stay here. And it's a great place. But I never see Bill Nelson. I never see -- I was commenting on it the other day. I'm here a lot. I never see Senator Nelson ever, until six months before the election, and then you don't see anybody else but him.
You never see him. And he's just a vote for Schumer. He will always 100 percent vote for Schumer. He will never, ever vote for what we want. So Bill Nelson and Andrew Gillum would be a disaster for Florida's economy, your jobs, your safety. The people of Florida are going to reject socialism and elect Ron DeSantis and Rick Scott.
A majority of Democrats on the ballot for Congress have already signed up to support a socialist takeover of health care that would destroy Medicare, eliminate Medicare Advantage for nearly 2 million Florida seniors. The Democrat plan is especially unfair to Hispanic Americans. One out of two Hispanic seniors is enrolled in Medicare Advantage.
You know that. Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors, who have earned it. And they've paid for it. They've been paying for it. And we will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. Always. Always. The Democrat plan also raids Medicare to fund benefits for illegal aliens at the expense of our seniors.
People of Florida, as we speak, the Democrat Party -- do you notice, I don't say Democratic -- I say Democrat, because that's their name, even though the other flows so much nicer. The Democratic Party. They should change their name and send me a check for giving them some free advice. But it's not the Democratic.
It's called the Democrat Party -- is openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders. You see what's happening right now, because they won't give us any votes on border security and overwhelm our country. And they want to sign them up for free health care, free welfare, free education, and the right to vote.
And the Democrats want to continue giving automatic birthright citizenship to every child born to an illegal alien. Even if they've been on our soil for only a matter of seconds, hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrant children are made automatic citizens every year because of this crazy policy, and they are made instantly eligible for every privilege and benefit of American citizenship at a cost of billions of dollars a year.
That's what it costs, billions. Back before the Democrat Party went crazy, they also opposed this practice. Harry Reid said no sane country, quote, no sane country would grant automatic citizenship to the children of illegal immigrants. That's what he said. That's before he went crazy. Under this policy, anyone who breaks into our country and has a child, the very next moment, that child would be made a citizen for life.
Great. This policy has even created an entire industry of birth tourism -- big business -- where pregnant mothers travel to America to make their children instant American citizens. Congress has never passed a law requiring birthright citizenship for illegal aliens, and the Constitution does not -- I say that to the media -- does not require it -- read it -- because illegal aliens are not subject to the jurisdiction of the United States.
 Democrats also support the insane policy of catch-and-release, which has created our border crisis, our certainly helped. A Democrat victory on Election Day would be a bright flashing invitation to traffickers, smugglers, drug dealers, and gang members all over the world, come on in. That's what you're saying.
Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens. And the Republican Party will always stand proudly with the heroes -- that's what they are -- heroes of ICE, Border Patrol, and law enforcement. And I saw that yesterday in Pittsburgh. And, yes, we will finish the wall.
It's moving along. We want to do it fast. Want to do it much faster. But watch what we do. Instead of building a little bit of a wall down there very quickly, watch. You watch. Watch, watch. It's going to be very interesting over the next week. If you want safe communities and strong borders, vote for Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis.
This election is about safety, and it's also about prosperity. Florida manufacturing jobs are growing at their fastest rate ever recorded. Earlier this month, I announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal with an incredible brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada trade agreement. USMCA, folks, USMCA. Great deal.
We opened them up. We've also taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's abusive trade practices. And we're winning very big. We're winning. Very big. After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country, thank you very much. And every day, it's promises made, promises kept.
You know that. In fact, one of these fine people said recently, you know, actually, he's promised certain things and he's fulfilled more than he's promised, which is true. Which is true. We passed veterans' choice. For many, many years, they were trying to get it, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor when they have to wait on line for weeks and weeks and weeks, get sicker and sicker.
Can you imagine -- can you imagine -- we passed veterans' choice. They've been trying to get it passed for 44 years, and I got it passed two months ago. Now they see a line when they go to their doctor, we pay the bill, and, boy, it works out great. They're very happy. And the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans has to be accountable.
In other words, you're fired, get out. We secured $700 billion and $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military. And I know most of you don't care about this that are in the military, but we gave our great warriors their largest pay increase in over 10 years. I know you don't care about that.
And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force. So important. That's where it's at. It's all about space. Very soon, it's going to all about space. And we're going to be stronger, as we are almost everywhere now, stronger than anyone by far.
Together we've made extraordinary progress, but we are just getting started. If you vote Republican this November, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, and raise your incomes, which is what we've been doing. We will protect Medicare. And we will protect, just like I've been saying since that first debate, we will protect your Social Security.
With all the pressure, we have protected your Social Security. Remember I made that promise. Remember everybody else said, oh, we have to do something. I've been saying we're going to protect your Social Security. Guess what? We haven't let anyone touch it. We will continue to confirm judges who will interpret our Constitution as written.
And we will fully secure the border. Watch. We will pass Kate's law and stop sanctuary cities. We will stop catch-and-release. We will end visa lottery. How about visa lottery? Pick a name, pick a name, come on into the country. And we will end chain migration. Birthright citizenship, you know all about it. We will keep the criminals, the drug dealers, we will keep them all out of our country.
We will get rid of all of this. We will end finally birthright citizenship. It's costing us so many billions of dollars. People didn't want to bring it up. I said we have to bring it up. Everybody knows. Everybody knows for many years. But for years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. You now have a president who is standing up proudly for America.
We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Florida. And we are standing up very proudly for our great national anthem. You don't hear too much about that anymore, do you, folks, huh? You don't hear too much about it. But to continue our incredible momentum, you must go out and vote for Rick and Ron.
Loyal citizens like you help build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people, which is true. It's been your movement. This has been your movement. We stand on the shoulders of brave Americans who crossed the oceans, tamed the wilderness, secured our independence, won two World Wars, and put a man on the face of the moon.
Not bad. American patriots defeated fascism, vanquished communism, delivered millions into freedom, and Americans built the greatest country and the most powerful military in the history of the world. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy, tear down our history, and destroy our proud American heritage.
We did not. For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never, ever, ever back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory.
We are one people and one family with one glorious American destiny. We all share the same home, we all share the same heart, we all salute the same flag, and we are all made by the same almighty God. And I want to thank all of the people of Florida. This is such a big group. And outside, we have more. And a lot of people were just saying, "Don't bother coming." This is such a great honor.
Because together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Florida. Thank you.
Well, I want to thank everybody, because this was a rough, rough day for all of us. You know that? And I have to start by saying, hello, Illinois, special place, special people, great people. Hello, Illinois. And I'll tell you what, with this crowd, Mike Bost is going to win big. He has to win big. He has to win big.
But it's great to be back in the heartland with thousands of hard-working American patriots, as we work to re-elect a great man, and actually, to be honest, we have three great congressmen here with us today. And we're going to get every one of them in office. And I want to just thank you. But I do specifically -- he's been so great on steel and getting your jobs back, I felt I owed it to a congressman to come up today, Mike Bost.
Thank you. He's been fighting for you, and very hard. Before going any further, I want to address the horrible shooting that took place earlier today. The hearts of all Americans are filled with grief following the monstrous killing of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You've all seen it. You've been watching it. It's horrible. The suspect is in custody. The federal authorities are on the scene and leading an aggressive federal investigation. State and local law enforcement has been incredible. This evil, anti-Semitic attack is an assault on all of us. It's an assault on humanity.
It will require all of us working together to extract the hateful poison of anti-Semitism from our world. This was an anti-Semitic attack at its worst. The scourge of anti-Semitism cannot be ignored, cannot be tolerated, and it cannot be allowed to continue. We can't allow it to continue. It must be confronted and condemned everywhere it rears its very ugly head.
We must stand with our Jewish brothers and sisters to defeat anti-Semitism and vanquish the forces of hate. That's what it is. Through the centuries, the Jews have endured terrible persecution, and you know that. We've all read it. We've studied it. They've gone through a lot. And those seeking their destruction, we will seek their destruction.
And when you have crimes like this, whether it's this one or another one on another group, we have to bring back the death penalty. They have to pay the ultimate price. They have to pay the ultimate price. They can't do this. They can't do this to our country. We must draw a line in the sand and say very strongly: Never again.
Tonight, everyone in this arena and every citizen across the land sends our prayers to the victims and their families. And we all do. We also send our gratitude to the law enforcement officers, who were incredible and who risked their lives and sustained very, very serious injuries during this horrible attack.
We salute the heroes of American law enforcement. We always do. We always do. We know how much we appreciate them, and yet they're underappreciated. They have done such an incredible job for so long, and it's a tough job. We see it now. We see it now maybe like we've never seen it before. And this is the time to renew the bonds of love and loyalty that hold us all together as Americans.
These bonds have always sustained our nation in its hour of need. You know that. Everybody here knows that. And they are always more powerful than the forces of hatred and division, anger and evil. In America, we love our families, we love our neighbors, and we protect our community. We -- we trust in God... we protect the freedom of worship... and we believe in the power of prayer.
We defend our Constitution, we defend our heritage, and we rally around our great American flag like nobody does. All of us here tonight are united by these same American values. And we are all fighting to defend these values in this election. This is a very, very important election. This could be, and I've said it, and I've heard it, and they have spoken it many times, this is our most important midterm election perhaps ever.
Because we've made so much progress. This is steel country and lots of other country. We have made so much progress, we don't want to give up that progress. We can't allow that to happen. Under Republican leadership, America is booming like never before, because we are finally putting America first. And because we put America first, I had a big decision to make.
I just spoke to the Future Farmers of America in Indianapolis. And with what happened early today, that horrible, horrible attack in Pittsburgh, I was saying maybe I should cancel both this and that. And then I said to myself, I remember Dick Grasso, a friend of mine, great guy. He headed up the New York Stock Exchange on September 11th. And the New York Stock Exchange was open the following day.
He said -- and what they had to do to open it, you wouldn't believe. We won't even talk to you about it, but he got that exchange open. We can't make these sick, demented, evil people important. And when we... And when we start changing around our lives and changing around our schedules and telling thousands and thousands -- look at this group of people and outside... And I hate to say it, but outside you have a group that's almost as big or just as big trying to get in. So you got the better location, but... But they have a better movie screen, OK? And they're great.
I see them right there, a lot of people, and great people. But we can't allow people like this to become important. And when we change all of our lives in order to accommodate them, it's not acceptable. So I thought of it for a little while, and the press said, are you going to cancel these two events? And frankly, the Future Farmers, I could have done that one.
But this is a rally for Mike Bost, and frankly this one maybe I could have, except I don't want to change our life for somebody that's sick and evil. And I don't think we ever should. I don't think we ever should. Remember the New York Stock Exchange. Remember the teams, the Yankees, George Steinbrenner.
He said we've got to play, even if nobody comes, if nobody shows up, we got to play. And I remember that George was a tough man. He was a friend of mine. But he was a good man. And he said we got to play. And they all played. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. And I love the people up here, also, and I didn't want to have any excuse.
I could have had a little bit of an excuse. There was no excuses. We have our lives, we have our schedules, and nobody's going to change it, OK? So we're here. So let's have a good time. And if you don't mind, I'm going to tone it down just a little bit. Is that OK?  No? I had a -- you're from Illinois.
I had a feeling you might say that. I know you well. I had a feeling you might say that. But I do. I really appreciate it. And you are amazing people. And we wouldn't miss this. We wouldn't miss this. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Great people. You're great people. You built America. You built America.
The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in more than 50 years. We produced. More Americans are working today than at any point in the history of our country. Think of that. And I don't want to be rude, but your steel industry was dead as a doornail and now it's a hot industry again. A hot industry.
They can dump if they want, but they're going to pay a big price. And that's what happened. And US Steel is bringing back many plants. You know that. And they're opening up some new ones. And Nucor, you see what they're doing. They're building brand-new beautiful plants. And I saw plans of one of them. They're so proud of them.
You didn't think you'd see that day when they're starting to build the new steel plants. And the steel workers, I said to a couple of them, big, strong guys. They came up to me. One of them said, thank you, sir, for saving our country. And he was crying. And I'm telling you, he was crying. I don't think this guy cried when he was a baby.
 This guy never cried. But he said that. And I've had a lot of people said -- usually when I'm backstage, people will just say thank you for saving our country. And I really at the beginning... Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. And at the beginning, when people would say that to me, I'd sort of, like, you know, I'd say it's surreal, that's a big statement.
But I realize now, when I see what's happening and what's going on and the no border theory and -- and take everybody into our country, when we can't... I realize -- I realize that if our opponent -- not my opponent, but if our opponent got in, our country would be in really serious trouble, maybe to a point where it never could come back again.
We are bringing it back. We just passed a massive tax cut for working families. And we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class. We're working on it with Kevin Brady. We're putting our coal miners back to work. Clean coal. Clean coal. That was a gone industry, I'll tell you.
We're putting them back to work. Clean coal, beautiful, clean coal. What they do with coal today. And I know you won't like this much, but we're putting our steel workers back to work, right? We are really putting them back to work. We are putting our steel workers back to work. And by the way, that's an industry.
You can't do without steel. You know, we were at a point where we were just running on fumes, and we need steel for defense and aluminum, by the way, which is also roaring back. But we need steel and aluminum for defense. Some industries, you can. You can go buy it from somebody. We can't lose steel. So with those furnaces are starting up all over the place, it's a beautiful thing to see.
I'm very proud of it. Very proud of it. Thank you. Thank you, darling. Over the last two decades, nearly two-thirds of American raw steel companies went out of business. Did you know that? Two-thirds. And the rest were on fumes. More than one-third of the steel jobs -- and now it was getting up to about 62 percent -- were vanquished, they were gone.
You could say vanquished and vanished. It's a combination of both. More than 70,000 hard-working Americans saw their jobs eliminated and their way of life destroyed. They want to make steel. And I said to them, how about another industry? We'll teach you how to make a computer, little computers. Guys says -- his hands are like this.
His -- He doesn't want to make a computer. He wants to make steel. Does that make sense? I said the same thing to the miners in West Virginia. Remember that? I got -- I won that by 42 percent. Nobody's ever heard of it. Nobody ever heard of it. Over a Democrat, not like an independent over a Democrat, name, Hillary Clinton.
But... But...  But I said to these beautiful guys, these -- the West Virginia, big, strong guys, their fathers were in the mines, their grandfathers, their great -- that's what they do. I said, fellas, supposing we take you to Silicon Valley...  And we'll teach you, like, how to make these beautiful little keyboards, these beautiful computers.
They looked at me like, hey -- you know the expression. We want to dig coal. That's what they want to do. Nobody does it better in the world. And that's what they want to do. Guess what? That's what they're doing again, OK? Clean coal. Not far from here in Illinois, the historic Granite City Works had idled two blast furnaces.
You know, two of your blast furnaces were down. The whole place was down. And laid off hundreds and hundreds of American workers. But the era of economic surrender is over for our country. It's over. And earlier this year, I kept a very crucial promise. To protect our national security, I imposed a 10 percent tariff on foreign aluminum and a 25 percent tariff on foreign steel.
And now our steel, aluminum industries are roaring back to life, like nothing you've ever seen. Three months ago, Congressman Mike Bost, by my side, and I'll tell you what, he called me, sir, could you come? I said, who is this guy? He doesn't stop. He's a great guy. He called me, and I came to Illinois, and we celebrated the reopening of two blast furnaces at Granite City.
And it turned out that that was just the beginning. Thanks to our tariffs -- number one, you don't hear this -- hundreds of millions of dollars is being paid into the coffers of the United States Treasury. That's OK, too. You don't hear that. Hundreds of Illinois steelworkers and steelworkers all over the country are now back on the job, pouring 2.7 million tons of raw American steel into the spine of our country.
After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. And we are doing it with American steel and American pride. The choice for every American this November is between resistance and results. How about the Democrats? No, no. Their whole theme is resist. Oh, that's great. Resist.
It's actually the thing that they're good at. Their policies are no good. They're not good as politicians. What they do, do is they stick together and they resist and obstruct. If you don't want to be saying the words, ladies and gentlemen, Speaker Nancy Pelosi for the next two years... vote Republican. You've got to get out and vote.
And two great guys who are from a little further away, and they're doing well, but you never know in this business. We're honored to be joined tonight by Congressman Randy Hultgren and Congressman Rodney Davis. Come up, Randy and Rodney. Come up, please. These two guys are warriors, along with Mike. Mike Bost is a warrior. Get them in. Come on up, fellas.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. I have to tell them -- be careful of that runway. You know, that runway is so narrow. Can you imagine if I went down on the runway, oh, would there be a -- oh. Oh. No, no, could you imagine? It would be -- you're right. Well, maybe they'd give me a pass and they'd say let's not show them, no? I'm always very careful.
You know, it's funny. I walk down the planes is very -- nobody cares if you walk nice and easy, so -- because if I ever tripped or stumbled just a little bit, it'll be headline news.  And whoever's doing these runways, whoever the hell it is. Please make them a little bit wider, because that sucker is narrow.
That is a narrow runway. Finally, it's my pleasure to introduce the person we are all here tonight to support, Congressman Mike Bost. Mike fights every day for the hardworking people of Illinois, and I know it probably better than anyone. He calls me. Please, you've got to help my people. Other people, honestly, other people don't care.
This guy cares. That's why I'm here. That's why I'm here. He voted to cut your taxes, reduce your regulations, protect your Medicare, protect your pre-existing conditions. Mike Bost defends Illinois farmers, Illinois miners, and Illinois steel workers. Mike, come on up.
Good job. Thank you, Mike. And a vote for Mike is really a continuation to make America great again. Very simple. Very simple. Now, I did a little tiny bit of research. And Mike's opponent, Brendan Kelly, is a vote for Nancy Pelosi and, of course, Maxine Waters... and their job-killing agenda. Brendan Kelly opposes your tax cuts.
He's weak on crime. He's for open borders. Can you believe some -- seriously. Forget about -- forget about Brendan Kelly. Let's say you're a politician and you're running on this platform, open borders, we're going to take care of illegal aliens' health care. OK? Think of it. We're going to raise your taxes.
Think of it. How do you -- how do you win a race like that? Seriously. How does anybody win a race like that? I don't know. Brendan Kelly is beholden to the far-left Democrats funding his campaign. His third-largest contributor is a group of ultra-liberal -- you know who they are, whose name tells you everything you need to know.
It's called Swing Left. You like -- do you like -- so I think these people don't want to swing left. If you want to stand up for American jobs, factories, and workers, you must vote for Mike Bost. The Republican agenda is America's agenda. Republicans want to lower your taxes, they want less regulation, they want fair trade deals.
Oh, am I making you good, fair trade deals. I'm not making you fair trade deals. I'm making you unfair trade deals in our favor, OK? It's about time. You have been ripped off by a lot of countries. And I don't blame the countries. I don't blame them. I blame us. I blame our leadership. They should have never allowed NAFTA.
You look at NAFTA. You look at that. You look at what the European Union has done to us. You look at what China has done to us for so many years. So we're in a little dispute with China. We put $250 billion worth of tariffs on China at 25 percent. And I think we're going to make a deal. You know, look, if we do good and if we don't, that's OK, but we have a tremendous -- and we can put another $257 billion -- billion dollars' worth of tariffs on China.
And I have a feeling that everything's going to work out. They want to make a deal. I said, you're not ready yet. You're not ready yet. Remember they said, please make a deal with Canada. Please, these politicians stand up, not Mike, not Mike. Not the other two, either. The other two are saying don't do -- do whatever you want, because they want a great deal.
You know, you can't just run and make it. Canada has had an unbelievable deal. Canada, we love Canada, we love Canada. And I actually like the prime minister. I do. But -- but I have to -- good guy. No. But for years and years, they've taken advantage. They had on dairy products a tariff of 275 percent. Nobody knew that until I came along and explained it. This woman goes, what?
 You're about four months late, but that's OK.  And it's always tough. You know, you're negotiating -- and I'm telling Mexico and Canada, hey, I don't care if we ever make a deal, and then I'll have congressmen and senators standing up saying he must make a deal with Canada, he must make a deal with Mexico.
And I'm telling them, I couldn't care less if I make a deal. It doesn't really work. It doesn't work. But it did work. And you know what? We made a great deal, and I think they -- hopefully they made a great deal for Canada, they made a great deal for Mexico, and we all live happily ever after, but we have now got the USMCA.
It's a great deal. And we opened the borders and our companies will not be flowing into other countries, because now, if they do, they pay a tremendous penalty. Republicans want strong borders, no crime, and no caravans, right? We don't want caravans. We're not having caravans.  So we started the wall.
We spent $1.6 billion. We then spent another $1.6 billion. Now we're spending another $1.6 billion. But I want to do it all at one time, but you know what? Watch, just watch. They're going to go crazy when I say this. You're going to be so happy next week. You're going to see something happen next week. You're going to be very happy.
You're going to be very happy. And you know, the military is going to the border. You do know that. And I want the people of the caravan to come into our country, but they have to come in legally, like all of the millions of people that are waiting on line right now. They can't break into our borders. They're not going to. We've done an incredible job, ICE, Border Patrol, we've done -- you know, I always say, it's my fault.
You know why it's my fault? Because the country is doing so well, it's so successful that everybody wants to come here. But it doesn't work that way. So it's my fault. I take the blame. I take the blame. If we let the country fail, we'd have no problem. But we don't want to do that. We don't want to do that.
So you're going to see -- we called in the military. The military, oh, they're ready, they're ready. And I wish I could just tell them -- and I say it, caravan, turn around. You're not coming in. You're not coming in. I'm sorry. We have taken thousands of MS-13 out of this country, ICE. We've gotten them out.
And if you look at that large group, sometimes it gets up to 17,000 people, they say. Today they said it's really gets bigger and bigger. And doesn't make any difference, because they're not coming in. They're not coming in. The military is all ready. And we're going to have border protection. You watch.
We're going to have a very strong border protection. But they're not coming in. They can't come in. We want them very badly. We actually need people for our companies, because we have many, many companies coming in to the United States. They're coming in, car companies, they're going into Michigan and Ohio and all over.
They're coming into Illinois, get your taxes down a little bit. We got to get your taxes down. Right? But they're coming in to Illinois. But we have car companies, they're going North, South Carolina. They're coming into Florida. Prime Minister Abe was showing me. We have a list of companies, they're all -- and you know why?
Because Japan has made so much money for so many years. I say we have to even it up now, folks. We have to even it up now. The European Union, last year, they made $151 billion. They won't take our product, but we take their Mercedes-Benzes and their BMWs. Not going to happen anymore, unless we straighten it out.
They understand that. And with China, that's the big one. That's the big one. China has been averaging $500 billion for many years. And I told President Xi, who I like a lot, he's the president of China, strong, smart, I said, I don't blame you. I was giving a speech in China, and I was ranting and raving about how China has been ripping off the country.
And then I realized I was in China. This wasn't playing too well.  I said, this speech is not -- this speech is not playing well. And I looked at President Xi. He was looking up, what the hell is this all about?  And I looked at him, I said, but I don't blame you. And he felt better. But he wanted to know why.
I said, I don't blame you, because our leaders were missing in action. They should have never let it happen. Just like they should have never let the whole situation in North Korea happen, get to that point. But we're doing great there now. No more rockets, right? I say all the time, no more rockets, no more missiles, no more nuclear testing.
We got our hostages back. We're getting our remains, the remains of our great heroes, they're coming back. And we have a good relationship with Kim Jong-un. We have a great relationship with Chairman Kim. And we feel good about it. So there's not much they can say. Look, there's no more testing. They're closing sites.
There's no more nuclear. There's no more -- the nuclear testing stopped. There's no missiles going over Japan. Think of it. We got our hostages back. We got our hostages back. We didn't -- hey, people said we'll never get the remains back. Vice President Mike Pence got the remains. He greeted the remains of these great, great heroes.
All right? In Hawaii, we're getting the remains back. So the only thing they said is now, when did I leave there, three months ago, would you say, Singapore? Would you say it's three months? No much more. So let's say I left three or four months ago. The only thing they say is, it's not moving fast enough.
They've been working on this for 70 years. I've been doing it for four months. And the rhetoric was very tough. Remember? Very, very tough. They actually said this is horrible, the way he's talking, horrible. This is going to cause war. Well, you would have been in a war the other way. This is going to cause war.
Horrible, oh, did they go after me. So now all they can say is two things. They can say we met. Remember? Because we've got everything. We're working along. We're getting along great. It's going to be great for North Korea. North Korea will become a great economic place, that location so good, between China, Russia, and South Korea.
What a location. It's going to be fantastic. But you know what? So they said, how can we go after President Trump? Ah, he met. I met. In other words, I met. Think of that. What did I give? I met. So that was one thing. The other thing they say is, it's not going fast enough. What, three and a half months?
And nothing's happened. It's so good. And remember when I first came in or just before I came in, right, just before, everyone really thought we were going to war and that was going to be a potential nuclear catastrophe. Well, I can't -- no, I mean, look, who knows in life, right? I'm not going to say -- I can only say the relationship is really good and we're really in good shape and they're in really good shape and they're happy and we're happy.
And if it takes long, I don't care. I tell my people, I couldn't care how long. As long as there's no testing, as long as there's no nuclear testing, moving mountains over a little bit, that's the kind of testing. But it's working well. But you remember when they said it's too rough, the rhetoric. You remember the -- I don't even want to say it now, because I have such a good relationship.
I won't even say it. I won't even say it. But the rhetoric was brutal. But ultimately, it was all very important to get this to a point where now we really have a relationship. Now -- and again, who knows? But I think it's working out really well. And before I got there, you were in trouble. This was going to be a big war, millions of people killed.
Seoul is 30 miles away from that border. And you talk about a protected border. That's a serious border. That's a wall like you never saw before. You look at the wall and you say, uh, I'll pass, I'm going back home.  That is a -- that is a -- I looked at it. I saw it. That's a real deal. It's a fence with a lot of electric current going through it. A lot of different things happening on that fence.
You know what you say, you take a look at that, you say, I'm passing. But you know, it's funny. So with that one, they said, he's too tough, it's too strong. The rhetoric is -- we're going to end up in war. I had a great meeting with Vladimir Putin. Great meeting. We got -- I talked about everything. We will do great.
And don't forget, Russia wants our help economically. We're an economic -- we have created such wealth. I have done a really good job, $11.7 trillion. Russia wants us to be involved. Russia wants us. Everybody wants our help. I brought up the pipeline. I said, why is Germany paying billions of dollars a month for energy in a pipeline that goes to Russia?
Why is Germany giving billions of dollars to Russia and then we're supposed to protect Germany and Europe from Russia? So they're paying the person and the country. Think of it. They're giving billions of dollars for the pipeline. Nobody else brought that up. Nobody else. I brought it up. But they said, he was too nice to Putin.
So with one, I was too rough, the other one I'm too nice. And let me tell you, if I walked up to President Putin and started a boxing match, and I would have done just fine. But if I walked up to President Putin and started a boxing match, they would have said, he was too tough, this is terrible. In other words, makes no difference, makes no difference.
But we had a very successful meeting With Russia and President Putin, and we're just doing great in foreign affairs. We are doing so much better than anybody thought possible. So much better than we've done in years. And we'll end up getting along well with Russia, well with North Korea well with China after we equalize out.
But we're getting along with a lot of people. And part of the reason we're doing that, and very important for us, is we have built and are in the process of building by far the strongest military that we've ever had. We have to have it. We have to have it. But even that, it's economics, because people want a part of this dream.
You know, every country virtually that comes in to see me, the prime minister, the king, the queen, the president, every country, they start off by saying, Mr. President, congratulations on what you've done. We've never seen numbers like this coming out of the United States. We've never seen anything like it. We've never seen... And if we can help other countries -- and that includes the big ones and the strong ones, I want to help them.
We want to get along with everybody. We want to get along with everybody. But we want to have a level playing field, not what we had before. OK? Earlier this month, we achieved a historic victory for our Constitution and for the rule of law. We proudly confirmed the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
Right? Boy, oh, did they treat him horribly. Did they treat him badly. A great scholar, a great intellect, a great person, great family. Did they treat him badly or what? That was hard to believe. This will be the election of the caravans, the Kavanaughs, law and order, tax cuts, and you know what else? It's going to be the election of common sense, because most of it's common sense.
A lot of it's common sense. People say he's a great, great conservative. You know, if somebody else did what I did, two great Supreme Court justices already, Justice Neil Gorsuch, don't forget, one of the greats. He will be -- he's doing fantastically. Another great intellect, great scholar, Harvard, Oxford.
These are a serious, great people. Justice Kavanaugh, Yale, then Yale Law, top, top talent. I heard with Justice Kavanaugh for years, long before I thought of doing this, 10 years ago, I heard someday there's a man named Brett Kavanaugh, he'll be on the Supreme Court. I said, who is that? But I really didn't care, because I didn't figure I'd be putting him on the Supreme Court, right?
I hadn't given it too much thought at that time. That was a long time ago, 10 years ago. But we are doing great. But if somebody named Bill Smith was president and he did the things I did, tax cuts, regulation cuts, two Supreme Court justices, right to try, you look at all of the things we've done for the vets, you look at the rebuilding of our military, $700 billion.
And his name was Bill Smith, President Bill, they would say he is the greatest conservative of all time. But because his name is Donald Trump, you have the haters and they continue to hate -- these are foolish and very stupid people. Very stupid people. No, I see some of these guys -- seriously, and, look, for the most part, I think -- I just came out -- was it 93 percent?
I'd ask the Hollywood -- look, this is like the Academy Awards. Look how many cameras they have back there. It's the Academy Awards. We are in the Academy Awards. But 93 percent of the people in the Republican Party, it's like a record or something like that, 93 percent have a high approval rating of Trump.
OK? But I'm not -- I'm not talking. I'm talking about that tiny, little -- you know, the losers that were -- the losers that were some guy named Kristol, Bill Kristol. He -- listen. He called it wrong from day one. He said he's not going to run. OK, I ran. He is not going to win the primaries. OK, I won the primaries.
He will not win the election. I won the election. He will never get a Supreme Court justice approved. I got that. He will never get tax cuts. I got that. He will never cut regulations. I cut more regulations than anybody in the history of the country. I mean, these are losers. Why do they put them on television?
Seriously? Why are they on -- every time I watch -- and I want to say, gee, I wish you could almost like debate these people. They're like fools. And just say every single thing that they've wanted in their whole life that they never would have gotten, I've got them. And they still hate Donald Trump. It's incredible.
Fake. No, but there's fake -- and honestly there's fake on our side, also, although I don't even know if they are. But I could name the names. I just don't want to get into it. But you know what I'm talking about. So we have the greatest conservative agenda ever, but I don't view it that way. Somebody started, are you a great conservative?
I say honestly -- and I think you'll understand this, because you people, you built this country, OK? You built this country. You can understand this. You can understand this. And I just said it. I am somebody that has tremendous common sense. So whether it's conservative or not conservative, it's the right thing, but it's common sense.
OK? It's common sense. And when I see open borders and come on in, I mean, in California, he wants open borders, the man running for governor, the Democrat, and I think your Republicans are doing a good job out there. But it's a hard place, because the Democrats, who knows. But in California, he wants open borders.
He wants to take care of all welfare, all medical everything. He wants to pay for college education and education. He wants to pay for medical. I mean, California is going to have more people than the United States of America. No, seriously. People are going to come from all over the world. They get free education, free health care.
I mean, does anybody really believe -- and by the way, they owe about 14 zillion dollars. And they just put a gas tax on that the Republican candidate wants to take off. He should win, John Cox. He should win. He's so good. It's a hard place to win, but he should win. He wants to take off the gas tax. They have a gas tax.
But it's really -- I think I am the person and I am running -- I'm conservative, but I'm running on common sense. It's all common sense. We can't let people break in and assault our country. We can't let -- you saw the caravan. I mean, you look at it. Sometimes it is massive. How the hell can we take everyone in? And some of those people are people that we don't want.
I hate to say it. Some of those people are people that we do not want. And some of those people I would love to have, because we need them, but they have to apply. As we speak, the Democrat -- not the Democratic -- the Democrat -- I hate saying it. You know, it so -- that doesn't flow right. I say the Democrat Party, and I always say it, because it's the right thing.
Their name is the "Democrat Party." It sounds so much more beautiful, the "Democratic Party," right? And I say to myself, I don't want to tell them they should probably change their name. But as much as I hate saying it, because it sounds badly, and it doesn't roll off your lips, the Democrat Party is openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and overwhelm our country.
And Democrat sanctuary cities released these criminal aliens out of jail and right onto your streets. And you have it up here more than you know. You do know that. Illinois. Congratulations. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. And the Republican Party will always stand proudly with the heroes of ICE and Border Patrol and law enforcement and those great Pittsburgh police officers.
You saw the job they did. We stand with them, and we wish them well. God bless them. Seriously injured. This election is about borders, and this election is about jobs. In less than two years' time, we have created over 4.2 million new jobs and lifted over 4 million Americans off of food stamps. Think of that.
Because they're working. Do you know how much money our country saves when we do that? And you have happy people. We have created almost half-a-million new manufacturing jobs. Think of that. Remember? You'd need a magic wand. Nobody's manufacturing anymore. I kept saying, when I heard the past administration -- I'm being nice.
I want to be nice! When I heard the past administration say that we don't have to make things anymore, I say explain that to the people of Illinois, please, OK? And actually the number is going to be 600,000 new manufacture. And these are our best jobs. African American poverty has reached an all-time, historic low, lowest it's ever been.
That's why Kanye West and Big Jim Brown, and so many others, so many others. African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment have reached their lowest rates in the history of our country. How do you win that one? If I'm in a debate, and you know the Democrats have always laid claim, because it was sort of like an automatic vote, it's not automatic anymore.
Take a look at the polls. Smart, they're smart people, and take a look at the polls. Not automatic anymore. And how do you win that statement? How do you win the statement that we have now? Let's say I'm in a debate with one of these Democrats, whoever is chosen. So far. I, like the field very much.  Somebody said, who do you like best?
I said I like them all. So far. But how do you lose a debate where you say as an example -- no, we can't use Pocahontas anymore. She's got no Indian blood. We can't use the name. He says call her Pocahontas. I can't do it. She doesn't have any Indian blood. I have more than she does, and I have none. Right?
I have none, but it's more than her. So I can't call her Pocahontas anymore, but I think I will anyway. Do you mind? I think I will anyway. But how do you lose a debate -- you're up in a debate, millions of people are watching, and they're going to say what they're doing for the African Americans and what they're doing for the Asians, what they're doing for the Hispanic Americans.
And I say, excuse me, but we just had the best job numbers in the history of our country for all of those groups. How do you win that? You know what happens? They go, uh, OK, let's get on to the next subject. But that's not all. Almost every category, every number is the best. Except I failed with women.
You know that. Women's unemployment just fell to 3.6 percent, which is only the lowest rate in 65 years. So that's not historic. We're going to get there soon. Remember last election? They said he will do badly with -- look at all the women signs, right? He will do badly. I love you, too. He will do badly with women.
He will not get the women. Did you see the women vote? I think I won the election because of the women, not the men. No, we did very well with the men, too. We did well with the men, too. The men get it. They get it. We're bringing down the price of prescription drugs massively. This week, I took historic action to stop the global free -- you know what this is. We actually capitalize it. Global freeloading in which drug companies charge higher prices for Americans to subsidize lower prices for countries throughout the rest of the world.
Other than that, it's very fair to us. We're not doing that anymore. Secretary Azar has done an incredible job. Drug prices will be falling radically. Got a lot of people that are middlemen that aren't going to like me too much. Republicans are also strongly protecting Medicare. A majority of Democrats on the ballot for Congress have already signed up for a government takeover of health care that would obliterate Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage for half a million Illinois seniors who depend on it. It will obliterate it. Republicans will defend Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it. And whether you know it or not, they've actually paid for it. This week, I proudly -- very proudly signed into law the largest bill to fight the opioid epidemic, largest in American history, $6 billion to fight a big problem that you have in Illinois and that we have all over the country.
We passed veterans' choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor, rather than waiting on line for weeks and weeks and weeks. Forty four years they've been trying to pass that. I got it passed, it's signed as of two months ago. It's finished. Here's a veteran. Are you happy? Are you happy?
Thank you. He's happy. Thank you, man. Thank you. Thank you. He just said you saved our country. I love you, veteran. Thank you, man. Hold up that American flag. Hold it up. Great. Thank you. Thank you. I like him. I like him. At first, I thought he was a protester. We don't seem to have too many protesters anymore.
You notice, a lot of love in these rooms. We don't have too many -- I shouldn't say that, they'll start sending paid protesters that are...  And the landmark V.A. accountability law, don't forget that, to ensure anyone who mistreats our great veterans -- and by the way, in primetime they would have never mistreated our veterans.
But they were bad. We have a sadist. We have some bad people. They're gone, boom, we fire them. You weren't able to get that for 45 years. We got it signed. We got that signed, too, veterans' choice and accountability. They're accountable if they steal, if they rob, if they hurt our veterans, if they're not there, if they punch in but they're not there, we can fire them.
And you think that was easy to get through unions and civil service? It wasn't. But we got it passed, and I signed it, and they let go of a lot of people that were not treating our veterans properly. We secured $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military, and at my direction the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force.
Space Force. Very important, very important. And I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. It was a catastrophe. And Iran is not the same country anymore. I hate to say it. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And altogether, because I don't know whether you know it or not, but I know it, and a lot of you do know it, this is the greatest political movement in the history of our country.
This is the greatest in the history of our country. We have a lot of bad people out there trying to hurt us, but we're not going to let that happen. We've made extraordinary progress, and we're just getting started. Keep winning, he said. You're right. We're going to keep winning. We're going to win so much you people are going to get so disgusted and tired.
You're going to be so tired of winning. You're going to go to Mike Bost, and you're going to say, please, Mike, get them -- with the president, we can stand all this winning. The truth is, we are winning. We're starting to win a lot, you have to say. Mike, talk to him. Talk to him. Talk to our president.
We're not used to this. We've been losing for so many years here in Illinois, and now we're winning. Our steel is coming back. Our taxes are going down. Our regulations are going out. We got health care that's good. We got rid of the individual mandate disaster from Obamacare. Mike, we don't want to win so much.
We're getting tired of winning. it's getting boring. And I'll say, I don't care, Mike, I'm not going to obey that one. We're going to keep -- you go back and tell the people of Illinois and the rest of this country we're going to keep on winning. I don't care. I don't care if they like it or not, we're going to keep on winning.
I don't care. But I know the people of this country, and the people of this country, they want to keep on winning. That I can tell you. If you vote Republican this November, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, and raise your incomes like we've been doing. Think of where you are now compared to where you were three or four or five years ago.
It's like a different planet. We will protect your right to free speech and religious liberty. And we will continue to appoint judges who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. We will fully secure our border. We will pass Kate's law. We will stop sanctuary cities, stop catch and release, end the visa lottery disaster.
We will end chain migration, and we will keep the criminal drug dealers and terrorists the hell out of our country. We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. That's what's going to happen. And they're going to love it. For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values, we are standing up for our great steelworkers, we are standing up for the great state of Illinois, and we are proudly standing up for our national anthem. To continue our incredible momentum, you need to get your friends, get your family, get your co-workers, and get out and vote early for Mike Bost.
Loyal citizens like you helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people. That's who we're doing, and that's what we're doing. Illinois is the state that gave us two of our greatest Republican presidents. Not bad, by the way. Not bad. I mean, you got to pick two.
These aren't the worst. I can think of a little bit lower down the ladder. You gave us Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. Not bad. Wow. That's not a bad job. They'd be high on my list. And Illinois is the state that gave us generations of proud farmers and steelworkers and miners and soldiers and patriots who made our country into the most powerful nation on Earth.
And we are now more powerful. We have a greater military right now and getting better all the time. Our military is bigger and better and stronger. We have never had anything like it. And you know what? The stronger it gets, the less likely it is that we'll ever have to use it, because that's the way the world works.
And everything is made in the USA. Everything. The greatest ships and missiles and rockets, the greatest jet fighters and bombers and tankers, the greatest submarines in the world, it's all made right here in the USA. This state was settled by tough pioneer women. Really, they were tough. Much tougher than the men, by the way, but we won't -- tough women.
Strong women. Beautiful women, I'm not allowed to say that. They're strong, they're tough, and they're beautiful. And the men weren't so bad, either. The men went along for the ride. The men weren't bad, either, OK? Is that enough for you, men? No, they're not too happy about it. From the foundries to the farm fields of southern Illinois, your ancestors worked, they sacrificed, they built a life and a home with their own two hands.
They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury. But they all had one thing in common: They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy, tear down our history, and destroy our proud American heritage.
For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our great children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win, and we are going to keep winning. It will be total victory. You know it and so do I. We will not bend, we will not break, we will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, we will never surrender, and we will always fight on to victory, always.
We are one people and one family with one glorious American destiny. We all share the same home. We all share the same heart. We all salute the same flag. And we are all made by the same almighty God.
And all together, with love in our hearts and hope in our souls, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Illinois. Thank you. Thank you.
Ive been following very closely the events of Squirrel Hill. Ill be speaking and will be making a statement at the Farmers of America. You see what we're doing. The Future Farmers -- they have the big conference, and we'll be going there. I guess some of you will be going with me, and we'll be making a major statement.
It's a terrible, terrible thing what's going on with hate in our country, frankly, and all over the world. And something has to be done. Something has to be done.
But it looks like the results are coming in and they're far more devastating than anybody originally thought in the morning. In the morning, they thought that it was a shooter but they had the shooter, or they soon would. But the results are very devastating. You're seeing the numbers come in.
So we'll be speaking to you at the conference, the Future Farmers of America Conference. And it's just a shame to watch this and to see this. For so many years, so much of it is absolutely a shame.
I can't -- talk up a little bit.
Well, again, this has little to do with it if you take a look. If they had protection inside, the results would have been far better. This is a dispute that will always exist, I suspect. But if they had some kind of a protection inside the temple, maybe it could have been a very much different situation, but they didnt. And he was able to do things that, unfortunately, he shouldnt have been able to do.
I hear the police were outstanding. I hear the police did an incredible job. And as you know, numerous police were badly injured.
But again, law enforcement did a fantastic job. But we're going to have a very complete statement for you. The results are coming in of what took place, how it took place. Again, law enforcement was outstanding, as always. I mean, as usual and as always, law enforcement was really outstanding. They stepped up to the plate.
But Pittsburgh -- a great community, incredible people. I spoke with the Governor. I spoke to the Mayor. And to see this happening again and again and again is just a shame.
Well, it's a violence that's -- you look at the violence all over the world. I mean, the world has violence. The world is a violent world. And you think when you're over it, it just sort of goes away, but then it comes back in the form of a mad man, a whacko. I think one thing we should is we should stiffen up our laws in terms of the death penalty. When people do this, they should get the death penalty, and they shouldnt have to wait years and years.
Now, the lawyers will get involved, and everybody is going to get involved, and we'll be 10 years down the line. And I think they should stiffen up laws, and I think they should very much bring the death penalty into vogue. Anybody that does a thing like this to innocent people that are in temple or in church -- we had so many incidents with churches -- they should be -- they should really suffer the ultimate price. They should pay the ultimate price. I felt that way for a long time. Some people disagree with me. I can't imagine why. But this has to stop.
So we're going to have a statement at our stop with the young farmers.
It's a case where -- and again, nobody knows exactly what took place yet. It's too soon. But this is a case where if they had an armed guard inside, they might have been able to stop him immediately. So this would be a case for, if there was an armed guard inside the temple, they would have been able to stop him. Maybe there would have been nobody killed, except for him, frankly. So it's a very, very -- very difficult situation. And when you look at it, we can look at it two ways.
But again, if they had somebody to protect people. Now, isnt a shame that you even have to speak that way? Isn't it a shame that we even have to think of that inside of a temple or inside of a church? But certainly the results might have been far better.
I hate to think of it that way, I will say that. I hate to think of it that way.
So we'll see you with the Future farmers.
No, it's certainly an option. I mean, in this world -- this is a world with a lot of problems. And it has been a world with a lot of problems for many years -- many, many years, and you could say, frankly, for many centuries. I mean, you look at what goes on.
But certainly you want protection, and they didnt have any protection. They had a maniac walk in, and they didnt have any protection. And that is just so sad to see. So sad to see. The results could have been much better. It is a very, very -- it's a very difficult thing. For me to stand as President and to watch any of this go -- you know, before I ran for office, and I'd watch instances like this with churches and other things, I'd say, "What a shame. What a shame."
But it's even tougher when you're the President of the United States and you have to watch this kind of a thing happen. It is so sad to see. So we'll see you with the young farmers. A lot of them are out there.
We're always talking. We're always talking.
So we're with the Future Farmers of America, a tremendous group of people. A tremendous gathering. It's the future. And we look very much forward to that.
And what happened today is a horrible, horrible thing. We're learning a lot about it. It looks definitely like it's an anti-Semitic crime. And that is something you wouldn't believe could still be going on. But it would seem to be an anti-Semitic crime.
We'll have a lot of information over the next hour. The FBI is involved. Everybody is involved. And I spoke with the Governor, Governor Wolf. I spoke with the Mayor of Pittsburgh, who is a terrific guy, and he is devastated. So we'll have a lot of information over the next hour.
But a lot of people killed. A lot of people very badly wounded. And they say as a crime scene, it's one of the worst that some professionals, that have seen many, many crimes scenes, they say it's one of the worst that they've seen. So, we'll be back with you in a little while.
I'm going to, in my remarks, open with a statement about what took place. Thank you all very much.
Thank you very much. I've never seen rain in North Carolina. It's raining, but we're going to start. There are a lot of people trying to get in. Should we start or should we wait about an hour? Thank you. Thank you. And thank you to my friends right here. You've been with me from before I started, right?
Thank you very much. Thanks. Hello, North Carolina. Thank you very much. And I'm really glad to be back in Charlotte, with thousands of proud, hard-working American patriots. And I can't wait to be back here for the 2020 Republican National Convention. You had a lot of competition. But in the end, we said let's do that North Carolina thing.
Let's do that Charlotte thing. That's where we'll be. So we'll see a lot of you. In just 11 days, the people of this state are going to elect Mark Harris and Ted Budd to the United States Congress. They will be incredible fighters and have been. They've been fighting all their life for great things, and they're fighting for your interests, including lower taxes, strong borders, great health care, protecting pre-existing conditions, and removing job-killing regulations, which we've done more of than any administration ever.
Early voting is now underway. So if anybody wants to leave, we'll save your place. You can come right back. Go out and vote. Otherwise, definitely on November 6th, right? Did you vote yet? Did you vote? Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Well, we really have -- we've had a tremendous all over the country Republicans, we're hot.
We're hot. We're hot. And I don't think they're going to cool us off, no matter what they want to do. They try. They try so hard. But I don't think that's going to happen. Before going any further, I want to briefly address the packages and devices that have been mailed to a number of high-profile individuals.
As you know, the suspect has been captured. Great job. And is now in federal custody. These terrorist actions must be prosecuted and punished to the fullest extent of the law. We all know that. And I want to applaud the FBI, the Secret Service, and all state, local, federal officials for their incredible work in this investigation.
I mean, they did an incredible job. This is finding, truly, a needle in a haystack when you think about it. We love our police, and we love our law enforcement. Political violence must never, ever be allowed in America, and I will do everything in my power to stop it. In recent days, we've had a broader conversation about the tone and civility of our national dialogue.
Everyone will benefit if we can end the politics of personal destruction. We must unify as a nation in peace, love, and in harmony. The media has a major role to play. Whether they want to or not.  And they do, indeed. They have a major role to play as far as tone and as far as everything.
And we all say this in all sincerity, but the media's constant unfair coverage, deep hostility... and negative attacks -- you know that -- only serve to drive people apart and to undermine healthy debate. For example... we have seen an effort by the media in recent hours to use the sinister actions of one individual to score political points against me and the Republican Party.
Yet when a Bernie Sanders supporter tried to murder congressional Republicans and severely wounded -- a great man named Steve Scalise and others -- we did not use that heinous attempt at mass murder for political gain, because that would have been wrong. It would have been the wrong thing to do. Many other examples could be brought up. Nor do we blame the Democrat Party every time radical leftists seized and destroy public property and unleash violence and mayhem.
Yet the media has tried to attack the incredible Americans who support our movement to give power back to the people. It's what our movement is. Our supporters are some of the most honest, wonderful, like you... principled, hard-working, patriotic people on the face of God's Earth. They pay their taxes, follow our laws, care for their neighbors, go to church and contribute to charity, and they are loyal to our country.
All they want is a government that is loyal to them in return. And that's what they are getting from me. And that's what they're getting from my administration. And you know that. But despite all of this, just came out, 94 percent of the press I get is negative. Even when I do something wonderful, it's negative.
Even when we do great things, you look at North Korea, how good are we doing? It's been going with them for 70 years, more than 70 years. This is now our fourth month, and they always say, he's not moving fast enough. Fast enough? If I wasn't here, you would have ended up in a world war. You watch! I mean, you would have ended up in a world war.
Or I heard even on Fox today, Bret Baier, I heard even on Fox we had a great meeting with Vladimir Putin. And every time I see, oh, Donald Trump had a bad meeting -- I had a great meeting. We had great. And they play it up as negative as they can. It was a great meeting. We have all the cards. We have all the cards, because we're the piggy bank that everybody wants to attack and rob and steal from.
We have the cards. But they made it look as negative -- that was a great meeting I had. They make it look -- all of them, as negative as possible. Almost all of them. Or if you take a look at what we're doing with NATO, where for many years they're not paying their bills. Now they're paying their bills and nobody talks about it. I went in last year, and I said, you got to pay up. We're protecting you.
We're protecting you. You got to pay up. They agreed to pay $44 billion more money we don't have to pay ultimately, because it's not fair. Not fair. We're protecting them, and they're not paying their bills. And we want to protect them, but they got to pay their bills. And this year, we had an even better meeting, but you never hear that from these folks.
So it's very important that the media cover results properly. And I could give you -- I could stand up here, I could give you all night long other examples, but these are just a few quick ones. I just heard the one with Russia. I'll tell you what, the worst thing that ever happened to Russia is when I won the election.
That's the worst thing. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. And at the same time, getting along with Russia, getting along with China, getting along, frankly, with North Korea and South Korea and Japan and everybody else, that's a good thing, not a bad thing. In the meantime, we will keep delivering results, like nobody else has delivered them for many, many decades for this country.
And it is time for us to replace the politics of anger and destruction with a real debate about the real issues. And we want honest coverage from the media. That's all we want. This is one of the most important elections of our lifetime. Under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving, and America is winning because we are putting America first.
 So true. We're putting America first. When have you heard that last? Been a long time, hasn't it? I said the other day, I'm not a globalist. I'm a nationalist. And they say, oh, that's so terrible. They said that's so terrible. Oh. I'm for us. And you know what? We're going to help the globe.
But we have to help ourselves, as well. I want to help the globe, but we have to take care of ourselves, also. So unfair, what's been happening to our country for 25 years and longer. The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in more than 50 years. We have eliminated a record number of job-killing regulations, passed a massive tax cut for working families, and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class.
We are taking care of our great veterans, and our military will soon be more powerful than it has ever been before. That's true. Our military was in very depleted shape. It was in very shape. They were getting parts for aeroplanes going to the aeroplane graveyard. You know that, right? That's where they store old, old planes.
Not anymore they're not. We've ordered the finest planes in the world, missiles, rockets, every -- ships. Everything we have. We'll be stronger than ever before, and hopefully, you know what, we'll never have to use our military. Wouldn't that be nice? And the best way that'll happen is by doing exactly what I'm doing right now.
We want to be in a position that people say, let's leave them alone. But if Nancy Pelosi... and cryin' Chuck Schumer... Right? Nancy Pelosi... Can you imagine? Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi. I don't think so. But if Pelosi and cryin' Chuck Schumer, remember, right? I've known him a long time. He never came close to crying, except one particular night.
When the radical Democrats get control, they will try to erase every single thing that we've achieved. Democrats want to raise your taxes. They want to impose socialism. That's what they're doing. They want to take away your Second Amendment. Take away your strong health care that we're making stronger and stronger every single day.
By the way, nobody talks about, but we got rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular aspect of Obamacare. Where you had the great privilege of paying a fortune in order to pay a fortune to not pay for bad health care. That's not a very good -- right? That's not a very good thing. Now we got rid of the individual mandate.
That's big. And by the way, we've really radically changed that. And we had it beaten. But we didn't get one Democrat. I always say, we didn't get somebody vote, which is true. But we didn't get one Democrat vote, either. Think of it. One Democrat would have repealed and replaced, but we're essentially doing the same thing anyway.
It's been decimated by us. And now, if you notice, your premiums are going up at a much, much lower clip. And yesterday -- and yesterday, which got very, very little print, very little ink by these great gentlemen and ladies... by the fake news... So yesterday -- yesterday, it really did, it was a very important -- we signed a bill -- prescription drug prices are going to come tumbling down.
Tumbling down. You know, we have other countries -- we have other countries that, for the same pill for the same company made in the same plant, wherever the hell it's made...  You go and you see that same pill, same box, same everything, selling for 10 percent, 20 percent, 30 percent of what Americans are forced to pay.
That's all ending, folks. That's all ending, OK? So hopefully you don't need prescription drugs, but if you do, you're going to get them a hell of a lot cheaper, because it's going this way. But the middlemen and the drug companies, but the middleman are not thrilled with me right now. They're not thrilled with me. These were very rich people.
They are not -- they are not thrilled with Donald Trump right now. And the Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan of illegal aliens into our country. And they want to sign them up for free health care, free welfare, free education, and for the right to vote. They want to sign 'em for the right to vote.
What's that all about?  The right to vote. You ever hear that one? Illegal alien has the right to vote. There's a town in California where they actually tried to take over the town council. All illegal aliens running the town council. That sounds like a great idea. I wish they became so activist in their own countries.
Wouldn't that be good? Wouldn't that be good? Let 'em go take over the councils in their country. Look, I want them to come into our country, but they have to come in legally and they have to come in through merit, the merit system. We have millions and millions of people right now on line, they've been waiting sometimes 10 years, they did it right, they went through, they did everything, they signed every paper.
They're waiting proudly on line. They're going to be admitted soon and all of that. And it's so unfair to them to have people just walk across a border, because our Democrat laws are no good. Because we have laws that are the laughingstock of the world because of the Democrats. They're the laughingstock of the world.
Catch-and-release, we caught 'em, release 'em. We caught 'em, release 'em. Think of it. Think of -- visa lottery. Visa lottery. Um, who is this? Who is this? And then when they turn out to be not so good, we say, I wonder why. Well, maybe the country is giving us their worst in those lotteries. Does that make sense?
Do you think -- do you think the country is saying, let's get our best people, our greatest people, let's put them in the lottery so that the United States can have them? Or do you think maybe they're going the opposite route? I think maybe the opposite route. Right? Or chain migration. How about that one?
How about that one? Chain migration, where we had this bad guy come in from a certain country, and he brought his mother and his father and his uncle and his grandfather and his grandmother and his brother and his sister and his aunt and his uncle and probably a lot of people that no relation to them whatsoever, I think it was 22 people.
But perhaps they'll be able to figure it out. And he's driving down the West Side Highway, this beautiful park along the West Side Highway in Manhattan that I know very, very well. And he decides to kill people. And so he takes the car going 60 or 70 miles an hour, far above the speed limit, and he turns it right into a park where people are jogging, where people are working out, where people want to look so good.
They leave their apartment to work out, to run, to run along the Hudson River, so beautiful. And he goes 70 miles an hour, boom, and he kills eight. And he badly, badly, badly hurts -- nobody ever talks about -- 12 people, missing arms, missing legs, missing everything. Just so sad. And he brought in 22 people.
This is what we have. Nobody working. He brought in -- that's called chain migration. It's from the Democrats. And we don't want it anymore. Right? A vote for Democrats is a vote for open borders and a vote for tax hikes. I don't know. I don't get that one. I think I would be a failed politician if I had to really promote open borders.
Everybody comes in. Everybody comes in. Come on in. We pay for all of the things we just went over. I couldn't do it as a politician. You know, to be successful in life, you have to believe in what you say. And I can't believe that many of these Democrats that have gone so far left -- I knew them, and when you say the wall -- first of all, we started the wall.
But more importantly, many of these Democrats in -- almost all of them, including Schumer, including crooked Hillary, including everybody... many of these Democrats approved the wall in 2006.  Oh, boy. They're going to be reporting about you tonight.  They're going to be reporting.
That's pretty cool. That hat is fantastic. That's a hat. Look at that. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safety and for jobs. Remember that. Earlier this month, we achieved yet another historic victory, a victory that people will appreciate over many, many years and maybe decades. We proudly confirmed the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
 Good, remember that. Remember. Remember when you're going in to vote, remember what you say. Because nobody has ever been treated more unfairly than Brett Kavanaugh. What happened to him and his family was an absolute disgrace. And by the way, we have many women here -- remember, I won women -- remember how... We have many women here.
We have many women here, some of whom have been with me like this whole group. From the beginning, from almost before the beginning. We have many women -- and as I'm saying how unfairly he's been treated, they're all nodding. Look at you. They're all nodding their head. He was treated very unfairly. But you know what?
We won. And he's going to be there for many, many years. And we put another great one there, Justice Gorsuch. You know that, Neil Gorsuch. Those are two great people. Scholars, brilliant, genius. Number one in their class. Number one at Yale. Number one at Yale Law. One of the greatest records you've ever seen.
I used to hear about now Justice Kavanaugh. I used to hear 10 years ago. I said, there's a young man named Kavanaugh. Brett Kavanaugh. He's going to be a Supreme Court judge someday. I say, well, I'll never have anything to do, because I'm having a lot of fun building buildings. I'm not -- why do you mention it to me? And look what happened, right?
Look what happened. Look what happened. We had a lot of fun. This has been the greatest movement in the history of our country. Remember that. And in the history of most countries. Don't let them take it away with the -- with the false reporting and everything else. Don't let them take it away. This will be the election of the Kavanaughs and the caravans and law and order and tax cuts.
And you know what? This will be an election, frankly, of common sense, right? It's common sense. You know, they say, are you a conservative? I say, yeah, I guess. But, you know, really what I am, I think have common sense. Most of this stuff is common sense. We need borders. We need borders. We need a great military.
We want low taxes. We want great education. You know, it's like, really, it's not conservative or liberal. It's common sense, right? This election will decide the next speaker of the House. And you know what I just said. We have to have great people there. And, you know, we have a tiny, tiny majority, so small, you just can't -- I won't say it. I've said it so many times.
If a senator catches a cold, we delay the vote. That's the kind of majority we have. We essentially don't have a majority, OK? I think we're doing great in the Senate. And I think we're going to do really good in the House, but getting Mark and Ted in there, North Carolina, so important. Vote for Mark and Ted.
And before we continue, let me take a moment to send our love and support to our fellow citizens in North Carolina, South Carolina, and throughout the Southeast who are still recovering from your devastating -- that was a rain-soaked hurricane. That was a lot of water. I was here. I was here, and I was in South Carolina, and you got hit.
That was less wind, but more water, right? That was a bad one. But FEMA, first responders, the Coast Guard, the military, your local people have done a fantastic job. Fantastic. I spoke to somebody backstage who got hit hard. And I spoke to that person like just when it happened. And tonight, I said, so how's it? OK? He didn't know what I was talking about.
He's recovered so -- they -- you worked hard. And government worked hard. And it was really government and the people working together, and the way that North Carolina came back and South Carolina came back. And now we have Florida and Georgia, different. Michael. That was a different kind. Less water, but those winds were about as big as anybody's ever seen.
They just wiped out -- they ripped foundations. They didn't just knock a house down. They ripped the foundations out. That was like a massive tornado. The damage is incredible. I've never seen anything like it. Never. But I just want to say, congratulations on doing a great job. And it's being finished up. And it's incredible the job.
North Carolina, congratulations. Congratulations. And tonight we also remember a fallen hero. North Carolina Highway Patrol Officer Kevin Conner, who's family's here. His great family is here. Officer Conner was shot and killed in the line of duty on Wednesday. He was an 11-year veteran of the force, and he leaves behind a great wife and two young, beautiful children.
This evening, all of America holds Officer Conner's family in our hearts and prayers, and we pledge our undying gratitude and support to the men and women of law enforcement. They're incredible. They are incredible. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. We are honored to be joined tonight by many of your great North Carolina Republican leaders, including Lieutenant Governor Dan Forest.
Where's Dan? Where are they? Where -- where are they? Where are they? Where's Dan? There he is. A lot of people in here, Dan. It's hard to find one very good-looking man. There are a lot of people in this -- thank you. Dan, thank you very much. Great job. And tell your son to get his cold better. Dan said, sir, this is my son.
I'm so proud of him. Sir, he has a cold. Don't shake his hand.  And what did I say, Dan? I said, Dan, thank you very much, right?  Tell him to take care of his cold. Another man who has been such a help to me in Washington, a really good guy, works hard, loves the people of North Carolina, Senator Thom Tillis.
Thom? Where is Thom? Where is Thom? I found him. There's a lot of people, Thom. Great job. Thom Tillis, great job. They're toying with me. They're putting all these people in different locations. Usually they have them, like, in one location. Sir, everybody's on the right. Now they have them all over the place.
Thank you, Thom. Thank your family, too. Great job. And Representative -- he's got the greatest name in all of politics -- Patrick McHenry. If you can't win with that name... Where's Patrick? Look at him. He's over in a different location. Patrick, they're toying with us. Patrick McHenry, greatest name in politics, and one of the most talented people in politics, maybe that's more important to me, Patrick.
Thank you. You do a fantastic job. And also a man who's become so popular -- and I was with him from almost before he announced -- and I'll never forget, a couple of years ago, he was running, and he was favored by so much that nobody went out to vote. Can you believe that can happen? He was favored -- and I called him, I said, wow, that was closer than we thought.
Literally, people thought -- they love him, and that'll never happen again. I mean, he still won by a lot. But a lot of people didn't vote for a man named Ralph Norman, who's fantastic. Ralph, wherever you are, Ralph? Ralph, right, Ralph? Remember I called you? I said, Ralph, never be so far in front that they don't want to vote, OK? Never let that happen.
You're always one point down the next time, Ralph. Thank you, Ralph. Great job. And, Ralph, I'll tell you, he's done a great job. We're also thrilled to be joined by a North Carolina native, because I love NASCAR. Do we like NASCAR? I love NASCAR. And I really love -- you know what I'm talking about -- the France family and Brian France.
And Brian, we love you. Get in there, Brian. Brian's going to be in great shape. Brian is a tough winner. And that whole France family, they have pretty good -- you know, that's like owning the entire NFL. You know that, right? What a great thing. NASCAR. We love NASCAR. I love the drivers. I don't know if you know it -- and I'm not saying this for political reasons, because it doesn't matter -- but I spend a lot of time in Lake Norman, right?
Lake Norman. And a lot of the drivers live in my job, in Lake Norman. And these guys, I'll tell you what, they take me for drives every once in a while, and they get it up to 200, 250. I say get me the hell out of this car.  Get me out of here. But we have one of the greatest winners ever in NASCAR, and now his grandson maybe will turn out to be an even bigger winner than him.
You know who I'm talking about? Richard Childress. Where is Richard? Where is Richard? Where is Richard? Richard Childress. Is your grandson going to be better than you, Richard? Huh? Yes. See, that's the love. I have many friends who are bad people. Bad. Very successful. And if their son is very successful, they're jealous of their son.
You're supposed to love your son and grandson. And if they're more -- but, OK, so you're happy for your grandson, right? Good. Didn't he just won the big one? That's good. That means he definitely knows how to drive, huh? He's got that little -- got that extra spurt. Thank you very much, Richard. Great job.
What a great career. Thanks, Richard. He's been with us from the beginning, Richard Childress. That's a winner for you, Richard. Richard's a winner. Finally, it's my honor to introduce two outstanding Republican candidates, the people that we're here for, really. With Richard and the governor and the senator, Thom, and all -- we're really here tonight -- Thom, we're really here for these two great congressmen now and soon to be congressman, OK? And they have run fantastic campaigns.
They're doing very well. But honestly, get out and vote. Let's not take a chance, OK? Let's not take a chance. Let's not take a chance. So I want to ask for Ted Budd and Mark Harris to please come forward. Please. Ted Budd is a champion for the people of this state. He voted to cut your taxes, protect your pre-existing conditions, build a border wall, which we're working on, and wait until you see what we're doing next week.
You're not even going to believe it. And protect your Second Amendment rights. And Mark Harris is another true fighter for North Carolina. He will vote to protect your jobs and cut regulations like never before, because that's what we're doing. He will vote to save your health care, secure our border, and stop illegal immigration. Ted and Mark, say a few words. Come on.
Come on, that's pretty good, huh? That's pretty good. Thank you very much. Mark and Ted, thank you very much. Get them to Washington, please, fast. I think they're looking pretty good. What do you think? But I'm here tonight because we can't take any chances, right? Can't take any chances. Get out and vote.
Ted's opponent, Kathy Manning, is an extreme liberal Democrat... and a donor, as they said, and a donor to the campaign of Nancy Pelosi. And she's a big fan of Maxine Waters. Maxine Waters. But I'm going to be nice tonight, so I won't say it. I won't say it. I won't say it. I'm going to be nice. I want them to say, he was so nice tonight.
Kathy Manning pretends to be a moderate, but she will always be bidding for Pelosi and the far-left donors who are backing her campaign. She's a lefty, and she's always going to be voting on the left. And I know your state very well. We won it handily. And I will tell you, you don't love the left too much.
Especially that far left. She wants to raise your taxes, and she is for massive giving of amnesty. So that's the end of her. Mark's opponent, Dan McCready... is another extreme liberal trying to fool voters into believing he's a moderate. Dan McCready will be a vote for Nancy Pelosi and Waters and her radical agenda every single time, every time.
You know, a lot of them were unpopular, like in this state. They say such nice things about me. It's incredible. They're never going to vote for us. They say nice in West Virginia. I have a situation. I like him. But he's never going to vote for us. That's the problem. We have so many states where I won, with, by the way, a great vice president, Mike Pence.
Mike and Karen Pence. Mike and Karen. Doing a great job. But we won by a lot. And some of the ads are like -- they're ads for me, I said, I didn't know they were Republicans. They're Democrats. They're so nice. But a vote for any Democrat anywhere in the country is a vote to put Nancy Pelosi in the speaker's chair and to put far-left Democrats in charge of every committee and investigation in Congress.
Our Congress will come to a halt. A vote for Democrats is also a vote to destroy Medicare. A majority of Democrats on the ballot for Congress have already signed up for a government takeover of health care that would eliminate the private insurance of 5.4 million people from North Carolina. You don't want that.
And you'll have to wait. You'll have to wait like our great soldiers, our great warriors. They had to wait for two weeks and three weeks and seven weeks and -- to see a doctor. Do that plan, you'll be waiting for seven weeks to do that, also. We have people from other nations, where they have something similar, they come here when they need help, because they don't have good medical care and they have to wait so long.
The Democrat plan would -- it would just obliterate Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage for almost 7 -- do you know about this? Has anyone heard this? It will obliterate 700,000 North Carolina seniors who have been paying for this for years will not be taken care of anymore. Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it. And frankly, if you know about this stuff, they paid for it. They've been paying for it for many years.
And Republicans will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. The Democrats will also destroy health care by giving free health care to illegal immigrants and much more than that. As we speak, the Democrat Party is openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and bankrupt our country.
That's what has to happen. Democrats' extreme immigration policies will overwhelm your schools, your hospitals, and communities, and strain public resources to the breaking point. And Democrat sanctuary cities, a term you don't love too much around here, release criminal aliens straight out of jail and right onto your streets.
Congratulations. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. And the Republican Party will always stand proudly with the heroes of ICE and Border Patrol and law enforcement. And we started the wall, and we'll finish the wall, but we have to do it faster.
We want the money to finish the wall. And watch next week what's going to happen, just wait. It'll be exciting. Going to be exciting, Thom. It's going to be great. If you want to uphold our laws, our borders, and our way of life, you need to vote for Ted Budd and for Mark Harris. Go out and vote for them.
This election is about borders. This election is about jobs. In less than two years, we have created more than 4.2 million new jobs and lifted more than 4 million Americans off of food stamps. We've created almost half a million new manufacturing jobs. African-American poverty has reached an all-time low.
African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment have all reached their lowest rates in the history of our country. That's not bad. That's not bad. That's not bad. That's going to be a good soundbite in the debate. Hispanic American, African American, Asian American, the best unemployment statistics in the history of our country.
What is my opponent going to be doing with that one? And this has all happened recently, folks. And if our opponent and my opponent ever got elected, we'd be heading south. We would be in such problems right now as a country. It was going that way. You know it was going that way. You know, every time I come to a venue like this or any venue, almost every time somebody comes back and says, big guy -- back stage -- and he goes, sir, thank you very much for saving our country.
Thank you very much. Happened -- happens all the time. This is a big, tough guy. Obviously from North Carolina. This is a guy he's -- he's almost got -- most of them do have, but this one's too proud to cry, but he had tears. And he just said that -- and I have so many people saying that. And, you know, when it first happened, when we first started doing all of these things with regulations and tax cuts, I used to hear it, and I'd say, what do they mean?
They really -- they're right. Because if this country would have gone on the path that it was going on for many years, not just the last eight years, our country could never recover, it could never be the same. We were heading down the wrong path. And I didn't save it. We all saved it. Because I said before, the greatest movement in the history -- this is the greatest political movement in the history of our country.
It is. I'm not even running for office. Look at this crowd. No, look at this crowd. I'm not even running. Think of it. Think of it. You know, the president came to North Carolina, just a nice president, a good president, even a really good president, like Ronald Reagan. If a president came to North Carolina, what would happen?
They'd go to a hotel. They'd have a conference room. That's my kind of guy right there. That's my kind of guy. No, nice president, they go to a hotel. They'd have a conference room, 300 people, 350, and that would be considered a success. They'd say, wow, that was a good success. That was worthwhile. We have -- the other night in Houston, the Houston Rockets, the arena, packed, set a new record.
Outside, tens of thousands of people, 109,000 people -- 109,000 people wanted to come. And every place. Every place. Every place. But if they came to North Carolina, nice president, 300, 350 people, and then they go back to the White House. Look at this crowd. It's crazy. Go out and vote for Mark and Ted.
Now, the thing I failed with -- because it's not historic -- you know that. You know what I'm going to say. I failed with women because women's unemployment only fell to 3.6 percent, which is only the lowest in 65 years. Everyone else is historic. Sorry. We're going to get it. I've been saying this. You know what?
I've been saying this for two months. And every month, every week, I say, give me the number on the women. Because we're very close to historic. I want to get rid of the 65 years. The best number in 65 years. But African Americans have done better. Asians have done better. Hispanic Americans, because theirs is -- but we will come through for the women soon.
It's this close. I want to get rid of the 65 years. It's not good enough. Anybody else would be very happy. I'm not happy with that one. Earlier this month, I announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal. One of the worst trade deals ever made. Our jobs, everything left our country. Our jobs, our plants, our factories, they left for Mexico, for Canada, one of the worst trade deals in the history of the world.
There is one worse -- I won't tell you -- but we're working on that one, too. And we replaced it with an incredible, brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada trade agreement called the USMCA. Like YMCA. MCA. Which is a giant victory for North Carolina farmers, manufacturers, and dairy producers. They're opening up their markets.
Nobody thought that would be possible. They're opening -- Thom understands it. Thom, we're all happy with that. We're all happy. Thom Tillis, we're all happy with that. Everybody's happy with that. Even Chuck Schumer said, yeah, it's a good deal. I said, I want to go back and inspect that deal. There must be something.
 You got a lot of bipartisan support on that. That has to be good, to get bipartisan support, Thom Tillis. But people like it. People like it. And it's true. Senator Schumer liked it. We've also taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's abusive trade practice. We had to do it. Had to do it. China's been taking hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars a year out of our country for many years.
We have helped rebuild China. I said, it's time to stop. And we are doing very well. We are doing very well. That's all I can say. They want to make a deal. I say they're not ready yet. They want to make a deal. First time you've ever seen this, though? First time -- you've never seen this before. China's had free wheel of our country.
Give them whatever they want. Not anymore. Every day is promises made, promises kept. You hear that, Childress? You hear that, Mr. Childress, with those racing cars? You've got to be crazy to drive those cars. We're bringing down the price of prescription drugs. Americans are tired of subsidizing the lower prices for other countries.
And that's how it happened. By paying the highest prices -- we pay the highest prices anywhere in the world. Congratulations, everybody. Yesterday, we just did something that was so terrific with Secretary Azar, a great gentleman, and we took the historic action to stop global freeloading and put American patients first.
We're putting our people first. And I'm very proud because Senator Tillis and others have really helped on this. We have approved after 44 years patients get life-saving treatments that we passed. It's called right to try. You know that, right? We have the greatest research in the world, the greatest drug companies in the world, the greatest doctors in the world.
We have the greatest. And it would be on line -- it's the pipeline. And it took 12 years, 14, 15, to get something -- we've got it done to a much shorter period, like four years, maybe less. But we have to be careful. But we have in some cases drugs or treatments or therapies that are fantastic. They're really looking good.
And there was no way legally you could do it to help somebody who was terminally ill. Very ill. Terminally ill. We couldn't use it. People were leaving the country. If they had money, they'd go all over the world. They'd go to Asia. They'd go to Europe. Go to Africa. They'd go all over the world looking for a cure.
Because we couldn't do it. And it sounded like, for me, not even a contest. Now you'll have what's called -- it's the name of the bill -- the right to try. Right to try. And it's had an amazing impact. I signed it two-and-a-half months ago. And I'm so proud of it. Went through Congress. Went through the Senate.
Thom helped. They all helped. And I'll tell you what, it's great. And you know what? We've had some incredible stories. We've had some incredible results. And one of the things is, you really do know whether or not something works. OK? You really do know. But we've had some incredible stories, right to try.
Hopefully nobody in this room needs it. Right? We don't want it. But if you need it, you can have the best in the world without having to go around. It's called hope. Hope. We passed veterans' choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor, and the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans will be fully accountable.
That's right. You're fired. Get out. Boom. You're fired! We secured $700 billion last year and $716 billion this year to fully rebuild the United States military, all made in the United States. Everything built in the United States.  All built in the United States. At my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force.
Very important. Very important, cutting-edge. It's all heading out to space. I hate to say it. Whether we like it or not, it's all heading out to space, so we have tremendous support. We have tremendous support. Remember all that support, Thom. We have great support. Everybody loves the space. And this is where it's at. This is where it's at. Whoa.
Whoa. It's true. People get so excited with the Space Force. But that's where it's at. I'm not doing it as fun and games. That's where it's at. And I'm just talking about missiles going up or rockets going to Mars or going to -- which is very exciting. I like that. I say let the private guys do it, you know?
They're all having fun. Let 'em do it. We'll rent them our great facilities. That's what we're doing. We're renting them our great facilities. Let them spend their money. They want to go to Mars, I love it. They can hop in the ship themselves. I couldn't care less. They want to do it, I'm OK with it. They're rich.
I don't know, rich guys seem to like space. And I say they want to use our facilities, we'll charge them a small amount of money, like, you know, how about $25 million a launch? They'll say OK. But NASA has been reinvigorated. But we need it from the standpoint of protection, offense, defense. We need it for our military.
I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear catastrophe. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And instead of spending $1.1 billion, I opened it up for $400,000. You know that. You know. Have you all heard that story? OK. They want to hear it again.
But we have opened it up for slightly less than budget. Budget was $1.1 billion. I'm saying, how do you spend -- do you have any builders here, like knock up houses and things? How do you spend $1.1 billion for a one-story building? We'll try and figure this out. But they came to my office. Sir, would you sign this?
I said, OK, I'm sighing -- because I sign so many papers. And I have Donald, so what's it for, General? Sir, we are building the U.S. embassy in Israel, sir. How much? $1.1 billion, sir. I said, whoa, whoa, whoa.  I said, we'll never get this passed by Thom Tillis, $1.1 billion. We're not going to pass -- I'm not going to -- don't worry, I'm not sending it to you anyway.
 I said, what do you mean? Sir, it will cost -- we're looking for land right now. So I called up David Friedman, one of the best lawyers in New York, one of the biggest. He loves Israel. And he wanted -- he gave up -- he made a fortune. And he gave up this massive amount of money. I won't even tell you what he made, too much.
But he gave it up because he wanted to be the ambassador to Israel. I called David, very smart guy. I said, David, they want to spend $1.1 billion to build the embassy in Jerusalem. It's crazy. He said, could I work on it? Yeah. Calls me back two days later, he says, sir, we own the best piece of land in Jerusalem.
We have a building on the piece of land. It's set back from the standpoint of terrorism. They want to set back. They don't like it on the street. We all understand that, right? It's set back beautifully. It's on a big site, like I think 18 acres, which is a massive site. We've owned it for a long time. We have a building on it. It's a good building, but it needs some renovation.
We can take a big chunk of the building, renovate it. Sir, I can have it done for $180,000, he told me. $180,000. $180,000. So I said, wait a minute. Wait a minute. It's the first time I've ever done this in my life. I shouldn't tell you this. I'll get in trouble. They'll get me in trouble. I said, wait a minute, David.
You won't believe what I'm going to say. I said, that sounds too cheap. It's no good. He said, I can do it for $180,000. I said, David, it's too cheap. Do it for $400,000 or $500,000. Please don't do it for $180,000. $180,000, they're going to think you're kidding. Do it for like $400,000. Is that OK? Absolutely.
And there's a stone called Jerusalem stone. I have a friend. He's a very rich person, the great Ron Baron. He's a great hedge fund guy, great, brilliant guy. And for years, he brags about his office. He said, I use Jerusalem stone. He gets it in Jerusalem. And it's one of the most expensive -- he's so proud of it. He's more proud of Jerusalem stone than he is of his career, and he's made billions, OK? Really.
And he always wants to show me his Jerusalem stone. I've been hearing it for years. So I said, David, didn't you use Jerusalem stone? You're in Jerusalem. He said, absolutely. I get it for peanuts. Can you believe it? So we have all Jerusalem stone. It's beautiful. And we ended up spending $400,000, and we opened it four months after I agreed to do it in the first place.
We saved $1.1 billion. We got it opened. Don't forget, the $1.1 billion as a lot of people in this room would say, probably would never have gotten built. And if it did, it would have cost $4.4 billion, so we did it for $400,000, and we're proud of it. And by the way, it's beautiful. It's really beautiful.
They had their opening. It's beautiful. They have their embassy. They have their capital. And a lot of people are happy. Together we've made extraordinary progress. But we're just getting started. If you vote Republican this November, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, and raise your incomes, because that's what we're doing.
We will protect Medicare and Social Security. We will continue to confirm judges who will interpret our Constitution as written. We will fully secure the border for you. We will pass Kate's law, which has already been passed by the House. We will stop sanctuary cities... stop catch-and-release, end the visa lottery that we talked about, end chain migration, and we will keep the criminal drug dealers and terrorists the hell out of our country.
We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. That's what's going to happen. For years you watched as your leaders apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America. Very simply, standing up for America.
We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for North Carolina. And we are standing proudly up for our great national anthem. To continue our incredible momentum, you need to get your friends, get your family, get your coworkers, and get out and vote for Ted Budd and Mark Harris, and vote Republican.
We're going to win. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people. We stand on the shoulders of brave Americans who crossed the oceans, tamed the wilderness, secured our independence, won two world wars, and built the greatest country and most powerful military in the history of the world.
American patriots defeated fascism, vanquished communism, and delivered millions into freedom. Our ancestors put down the mighty railroads, linked up the roaring highways, dug out the Panama Canal, and planted an American flag on the face of the moon. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy, tear down our history, and destroy our very proud American heritage.
For the sake of freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win, and we are going to keep on winning. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in, we will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender.
And we will never, ever lose. We will only fight to victory every single time. Because we are Americans. And our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
And together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. We will make America great again. Thank you, North Carolina. Thank you. Thank you.
I just want to compliment law enforcement for having done an incredible job. The FBI, the Secret Service -- so many. I mean, they just got together and did a fantastic job. Like finding a needle in a haystack. So I want to congratulate them, as you know. I think everybody wants to congratulate them. But they did a fantastic job.
I'm going to North Carolina right now. It's raining, so if you dont mind, I'll step out of the rain. But I really -- we're very proud of law enforcement.
I did not. I did not see my face on the van. I don't know -- I heard he was a person that preferred me over others, but I did not see that.
No, not at all. No, I mean -- not at all, no. There's no blame. There's no anything. If you look at what happened to Steve Scalise, that was from a supporter of a different party. If you look at what happened on -- numerous of these incidents, they were supporters of others. No.
I'm just really proud of law enforcement. I think they did an incredible job. And I will see you in North Carolina.
No, I dont think so. I think that we're running a great campaign. People love what we're doing. They love what we're saying. The Republicans had tremendous momentum, and then, of course, this happened, where all that you people talked about was that. And rightfully so. It was a big thing. Rightfully so.
But now we have to start the momentum again. I think the Republicans have tremendous momentum -- when you think of Judge Kavanaugh, when you think of all the things that have happened. And hopefully we're going to go into a great victory.
We have a lot of Senate races where we're leading -- races that, frankly, were going to be uncontested. It looks like we're leading a lot of those races. The House is -- got a lot of people in the House, so we're going to see how that goes. But I think we're doing very well in the House.
If they wanted me to. But I think we'll probably pass.
Well, I think I've been toned down, if you want to know the truth. I could really tone it up. Because, as you know, the media has been extremely unfair to me and to the Republican Party.
I think the media has been very, very unfair in terms of the Republican Party and the way it's been covered. And they understand that. They write articles about that. Many of them admit that. But the media has been unbelievably unfair to Republicans, conservatives, and certainly to me.
But with all of that being said, we're winning. So, I like that.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hello, Wisconsin. This is a great state. I am thrilled to be back with the thousands of loyal, hard-working American patriots who, by the way, gave President Trump a win. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Incredible people. I want to begin tonight's rally by addressing the suspicious devices and packages that were mailed to current and former high-ranking government officials.
My highest duty, as you know, as president is to keep America safe. That's what we talk about. That's what we do. The federal government is conducting an aggressive investigation, and we will find those responsible, and we will bring them to justice, hopefully very quickly. Any acts or threats of political violence are an attack on our democracy itself.
No nation can succeed that tolerates violence or the threat of violence as a method of political intimidation, coercion, or control. We all know that. Such conduct must be fiercely opposed and firmly prosecuted. We want all sides to come together in peace and harmony. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. It'll happen.
More broadly, there's much we can do to bring our nation together. For example, those engaged in the political arena must stop treating political opponents as being morally defective. Have to do that. The language of moral condemnation and destructive routine, these are arguments and disagreements that have to stop.
No one should carelessly compare political opponents to historical villains, which is done often, it's done all the time. Got to stop. We should not mob people in public spaces or destroy public property. There is one way to settle our disagreements. It's called peacefully at the ballot box. That's what we want.
That's what we want. As part of a larger national effort to bridge our divides and bring people together, the media also has a responsibility to set a civil tone and to stop the endless hostility and constant negative and oftentimes false attacks and stories. Have to do it. Have to do it. They've got to stop.
Bring people together. We're just 13 days away from a very, very important election. It's an election of monumental -- just, if you look at it, monumental importance, isn't it? Wouldn't you say, monumental importance? There are dramatic differences between our two political parties. That we know. It is essential for democracy to draw a sharp contrast between the two different platforms put before the American people, and we have a chance to do that right now in many states and on November 6th. We need more, not less debate about policy issues in our country.
But what we cannot do is let our disagreements about matters of policy tear us apart as a country. Can't do that. We must accept the verdicts of elections and remember that America's greatest achievements have always been those endeavors we embarked on together. We have had great, great achievements. So true.
So let's put it all together, right? Let's put it all together. Let's get along. Great country. We're going to get along. But that's why I'm here today, that's to ask the people of Wisconsin to re-elect a truly great governor, Scott Walker... and to send an incredible woman and talent, Leah Vukmir... to the United States Senate.
Leah.  Those are two great people. Scott and Leah are true champions for the state. Always have been. Early voting is now underway, so get out and vote. The decision and this election is so clear all over the country. Republicans are for lower taxes, less regulations, and more economic freedom.
And that's a good thing. That's a good thing. The Democrats are for higher taxes, more regulation, and more top-down government control. And by the way, do you see how nice I'm behaving tonight? This is like -- have you ever seen this? We're all behaving very well. And hopefully we can keep it that way, right?
We're going to keep it that way. Republicans want to create better health care through more choice, lower drug prices -- and you will see, very soon, drug prices will go plunging downward. You wait, you watch. It's all in motion. And we've created much more competition. Democrats want socialist health care where private plans are outlawed and abolished.
Republicans want a strong, secure border, border.  You knew it a long time ago, but when our country is assaulted by thousands and thousands of people marching, and they openly say we're going to go into the country, we can't do that. We can't do that. We can't allow that.
It's unfair to you, but it's also unfair to thousands and thousands of people that have gone through a legal process. Some are waiting on line 10 years. Everything is perfect. And they don't get in, but other people just march right in. It will not happen. You watch. It won't happen. We can't let it happen.
Those who violate our laws and cross our borders illegally will be sent back home quickly. And we tell them that, because they've got a long hike.  But they can't come. They cannot come in the way they want to come in. Doesn't work that way. We don't have borders, we don't have a country, and we have the greatest country on Earth, OK? Republicans know that the rule of law is essential to national sovereignty.
And we know that immigration enforcement is essential to public safety, national security, and the protection of American jobs, wages, and public benefits. You know that. And I said I was going to bring the jobs back. We have factories coming back. We have plants coming back. We have companies coming back.
They're all coming back. And the jobs are coming back like you have never seen before. I said it. I just didn't know I could do it this quickly. I just didn't know. Democrats oppose any effort to secure our border. And wait 'til you see what we're doing with our border over the next few weeks. As you know, we started the wall, $1.6 billion, another $1.6 billion, and we have another, but we want to build it very quickly all at one time, and we'll get it done.
But wait 'til you see what happens over the next couple of weeks. You're going to see a very secure border. You just watch. Just watch. Very secure. And the military is ready. They're all set. They're all set.  They're all ready, and there's nobody like them. Democrats believe in catch-and-release.
You know what that is, right? That's you catch a person coming across our border illegally. What's your name? My name is so-and-so. Well, do me a favor, write it down. Would you show up in about three or four years for a court case?  Yes, I'll show up. And we never see them again! We never see them.
They strongly support sanctuary cities that refuse... to cooperate with federal law enforcement and release known gang members, predators, criminal aliens into our communities. That's not going to happen in Wisconsin, I can tell you that. Not going to happen. And we're getting them out fast. MS-13, thousands and thousands of MS-13, they're out.
We're getting them out fast because of ICE and other law enforcement. ICE, they come. And other law enforcement. And the Democrats even oppose legislation to increase the penalty for criminals and drug dealers who repeatedly break into our country and hurt and seriously injure and even worse our people. We're not allowing it anymore.
And they understand it. And they understand it. Everybody understands it. Republicans believe our judges should interpret the Constitution as written. Democrats believe judges should be able to rewrite the Constitution, which they're doing all the time. Especially when it comes to the border. They end up writing rules and regulations that are worse than anything you've ever seen.
But ultimately, we're going to get up to the Supreme Court, and hopefully that great court will straighten things out. And these are just some of the issues in this election. And these are also the reasons why it's so important for each of you, each one, to get out and vote. Get out and vote. Now, if you're going to vote Democrat, don't bother.
But if you're going to vote -- I think we have a lot of Republicans here, don't we? So between Scott and Leah, who's in favor of those two great people, right? I thought so. And you got a lot of people outside. This is a beautiful place, by the way. This is a beautiful place. Under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving, and America is winning, because we are finally putting America first.
Been a long time. It's been a long time. The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in over 50 years. Five-oh years. Fifty. Manufacturing confidence has reached an all-time high in the history of our country. I think it's now 38 years old, this poll. It's a long time, could be longer, but I think it probably would also be -- in the history, confidence, all-time high.
More people are working now than at any point in the history of the United States. Think of that. And one of the reasons for that is that we have eliminated a record number of job-killing regulations... passed a massive tax cut for working families. And we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class.
That's all for the middle class. That's on top of the tax cut we got for the middle class and for business. It's going to be great. And you see how it's working. We are taking care of our great veterans, and our military will soon be more powerful, by far, than ever before. Right? And I have to tell you, I know a lot of governors.
Some are good, some aren't so hot.  Some are really not so good.  And I want to just tell you, I have to say this to Wisconsin. He ran against me in the primary. He was tough. He could be nasty.  Wow. But he was tough. And he was smart. But I've gotten to know him well, and he did something that I didn't think would be happening in this country for a long time.
I got him set up with an incredible company called Foxconn. And Terry Gou, the head, and the owner, and one of the richest men in the world, they make much of the Apple product. And you know I've been saying for a long time, it won't be complete until we get Apple -- and Apple, by the way, is spending $350 billion in this country, bringing back $230 billion from offshore, only because of our tax cuts.
And they're going to go wild. They're building a great campus. They're building places all over, $350 billion. I thought it was $350 million. That was -- sounded good. You can do a lot of good plants for three hundred -- they're doing $350 billion, Apple. But Foxconn does much of the work in China and other places for Apple.
And they came to Wisconsin with the most incredible plan. I don't know -- has anybody seen this place? It's the most incredible thing I've ever seen. And we toured it, and we had a ribbon-cutting a few months ago. And I handed it over to Scott. And I said, "Lots of luck."  That was just the very beginning.
Ninety-nine percent of the people if they were governor could never have done that job -- not only do the job, do it so well. It was almost 15,000 jobs. And much more important, there's no plant like it anywhere in the United States. One of the most incredible things I've ever seen. One of the most incredible things.
I'll never forget, I'm going around with Scott, and Paul Ryan, and everybody. And -- and -- and, you know, just incredible. You have incredible people here. We're going around at the opening. And they needed robots, so they said, eh, rather than going and buying them from a German manufacturer, we'll make them here.
And this is complex stuff, just so you understand. These are the most sophisticated in the world. And you come back three months later, they have a whole robot factory made. It's the most incredible thing. This is truly one of the great plants -- certainly in this country, I don't think there's anything close.
And in the world, it's right at the top. And it was done because of Scott Walker. So I just want you to know. You people could have done it. A lot of jobs and all of that, but when you look at it, I've never seen anything like it. Earlier this month, I announced that we are replacing the horrible, horrible NAFTA deal with an incredible brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement.
It's called the USMCA because I refused to use the name NAFTA... because I see things from NAFTA -- we still are scarred all over our country where you have empty factories, empty buildings, just by the thousands. And millions of jobs were lost. Big portions of our auto industry was lost to Mexico and other places.
NAFTA was a disaster. It was a bad deal from day one. It should have been terminated on day two. And 25 years later, I get it terminated, OK? And the new USMCA, I like that name. USMCA. It works. Now I say it like routinely. At first we had to sort of give it a little thought. Now it's very routine. USMCA.
It's a giant victory for Wisconsin farmers, manufacturers, and dairy producers. And I have to say this, because we have a lot of great farmers in this country, but I give Wisconsin a lot of credit for it. Because I came up here once, and it was rough. I was with Ron Johnson, a great person, a great senator who loves you.
And Paul. And I was with Scott. And I'm just going around, and farmers came up to me. Sir, sir, could you help me? I don't know that much about farming. But I know about business.  And these great people came up. Sir, sir, Canada just put a surcharge on our dairy product and they did this, and they did that.
And I said, it can't be that bad. Then I'd go see another group. Sir -- and they had just put a very onerous tax on a very specific type of specialty milk. What the hell do I know about specialty milk?  And you know what? It's funny. It was a very small part of the market, but it was the wrong thing to do. And it really angered -- because on the big part of the market, in dairy, you are paying 275 percent tariffs.
And nobody knew that. But this little tiny part of specialty market, it got you. In other words, you're paying it for years, 275. This little -- which was a fraction of the big market that you accepted and you lived with it. Basically, it was a barrier to Canada. It was a barrier. And they're great people, Canada.
But this was a barrier. This little thing got your goat. And I got up here, and I got hit by every farmer in Wisconsin over this.  It was just a step too far, right? You know, you go up to the line. They just went a little too far. And since that time, I never forgot it. So you're really responsible, to a large extent, for the USMCA.
I never forgot. And now, as you know, the Canadian market, which was not open, is now open. Go do well. And it's a great agreement. And we're not going to lose our businesses anymore. We're not going to have them move down and build plants and build all sorts of things. And we've gotten tremendous reviews on that agreement.
So we're very proud of the USMCA and, to a very large extent, it started here because of a specialty dairy -- little, tiny, dairy product, OK? Really did, because I saw what happened. You were treated unfairly. And your political leaders -- and that's all of them -- they pushed me hard. They said don't forget those farmers.
I didn't. And I came back numerous times, and I saw the farmers. But now we have a final agreement. It's going to be approved by Congress I'm sure very quickly. I think statutorily we have to wait a period of time, and then you have to wait again, but it's right on track, doing well. And even -- I must say -- and this is very positive -- even Democrats like this deal.
The Democrats like the deal. Can you imagine? It may be bipartisan. Can you believe that? Can you believe that? And that's what we're talking about today. We can do a lot of that. And I think we will do bipartisan on infrastructure. I think we're going to have a lot of that. So that would be great. But thank you very much to the people and to the farmers of Wisconsin.
You had a lot to do with it. But two weeks ago, we achieved yet another historic victory for our nation. We proudly confirmed the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. Right? Wow, was he treated unfairly. That was brutal. That was brutal. I went up to him and I said -- when I decided to -- I chose him out of the finest, brilliant legal minds, scholars in the whole country.
And for 10 years, I heard about Brett Kavanaugh. He'll be a Supreme -- young guy -- he'll be a Supreme Court judge some day. I didn't know I was going to be president. I didn't know.  I heard he was going to be a Supreme Court judge. I didn't know I was going to be president. But for years, they talked about him because of his great intellect.
And I'll never forget. Just shows you how life is. We're in the White House. I say, Judge, because he was a judge -- now he's a justice -- but I said, Judge, I'm going to choose you for the United States Supreme Court. Now, Judge, this is going to go so fast, so easy, you're so perfect.  You don't have a thing wrong.
You're the best student, number one in his class all over the place. You're the best -- a great intellect, a great scholar, your family, your beautiful wife, your beautiful daughters, everyone is so perfect. This is going to go so easy, so fast.  And then I saw the way they made him suffer. But he got through it with style and got through it with grace, and now he's going to be on the United States Supreme Court for a long period of time.
And he's a good person. He's a great person. That was a tough treatment. That's what we have to get rid of, that kind of treatment. We have to get rid of it. And he sits alongside of Justice Neil Gorsuch... who we also put on the Supreme Court a little time before. And they're going to defend your rights.
They will be defending your rights, your Constitution, and your freedom, right? Not bad. A lot of people say that's the most important decision a president can make. Now, I would say war and peace, and then that, OK, if you don't mind. We'll change because that's the way it is. But it is a very, very important decision, and they are two great people.
And I'm very honored. You know, many presidents don't get a chance to put a Supreme Court justice on. Here we are, less than two years, we've put two of them on. Right? So if we go at this clip, we'll put eight of them on. How do you like that idea? Eight! One a year. We'll do one a year. We'll put one a year on. Thank you very much.
Very important that we have great, great talents and great people on the Supreme Court of the United States. This will be the election of the caravans, Kavanaugh, law and order, tax cuts, and common sense. A lot of it's common sense. A lot of politics is common sense. We are honored to be joined tonight by many great Republican leaders, including the Wisconsin leader who fought so hard for our tax cuts, regulation cuts, veterans -- hey, we fought for those veterans and choice -- we fought for choice -- and for our great military, in terms of $700 billion, we're rebuilding our military, stronger than ever before, Speaker Paul Ryan.
Paul? Where is Paul? Where is he? Where is he? And bring him up? I don't know. I think Secret Service -- looks like they're going to let you -- great job, Paul. Thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Great. Done a great job. Also here are your Republican members of Congress.  That's right, Duffy, we saw with Duffy.
Sean Duffy.  You know, I love champions, OK? I have to tell you this about Sean. So I didn't know. Sean was just a nice-looking young congressman. What do I know? Then I'm watching something and I see a guy going up a tree.  It was a few years ago, but that's OK. He's going up a tree.
And they said, it's Sean Duffy. I said, it can't be the one I know.  And it was. And he was the world champion for five years. And I said, that looks tough. He said going up isn't tough. It's coming down. Because a lot of times, you break your legs, you -- I can see that. They just do like a freefall.
But you have to use -- how many, every 10 feet, you have to stop, stop, stop. And if you don't stop, you're in a deep trouble.  So Sean's been fantastic. And he's a great political talent, also. Thank you very much, Sean. Thank you. And your family. Look at her over there, huh? Do we love her? Do we like her more than Sean?
I think so. Anyway, great family. Thank you both very much. Great job. Glenn Grothman, Glenn, where is Glenn? Thank you, Glenn. What a help he's been on so many things, right? Thank you, Glenn, very much. Great job. And a man who has worked so hard, he is so smart. I actually said to him, you know, people really don't know how smart you are.
See, I worked with him on tax legislation, in particular. He knew that stuff better than anybody. He was brutal. He really understood it better than anyone. I said, you are like a hidden weapon. Senator Ron Johnson. And he took that compliment like it didn't matter. He just wanted to get back to work.  Thank you, Ron.
Great job. We appreciate it. These people appreciate it. And I also want to thank a woman who works very hard. It's not easy being first lady, especially being first lady of Wisconsin. Tonette Walker, thank you, Tonette. Thank you. Thank you. And Lieutenant Governor Rebecca Kleefisch, thank you. Thank you.
Wisconsin State Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald. Thanks, Scott. Thanks, Scott. Good job. And a man I got to know pretty well during a thing called the campaign from two years ago, Wisconsin GOP Chair Brad Courtney. Thanks, Brad. Great job. Great job, Brad. Well, you brought us to victory, so we should -- another man who brought us to victory -- and I'll tell you, he is a special person.
He's a great person. It took us all about five years to figure out how the hell to pronounce his name. But now we have it. He's doing fantastically well. He is just really somebody that -- you love him in Wisconsin, they love him in Washington, which is a rare combination, I have to tell you. But he's a very talented guy and a really good person.
Former Chief of Staff Reince Priebus. Thank you, Reince. Great guy. We had a lot of fun. That was a lot of fun. And he loves this place. We're especially honored to be here with the next United States senator from Wisconsin, Leah Vukmir.  And you know I like looking at polls -- only when we're winning.
I don't like them otherwise.  And I like real polls, too. And Leah -- Leah -- I don't know if you've seen the last polls, you're doing very well, Leah. You're doing very well. Leah is a tireless fighter for the people of Wisconsin. She will always vote for your Wisconsin values. She's a very special person.
I've gotten to know her. I don't know if she liked me at the beginning, but she likes me now. Does that make sense?  She likes me know. We've gotten to know each other. She's an incredible woman. Leah's radical, far-left opponent is Tammy Baldwin. Who wants a socialist takeover of health care. You know, I'm trying to say that very nicely.
I'm trying to -- see, normally I'd scream it. "They want a socialist takeover of" -- now I say wants a socialist takeover...  I'm trying to be nice, OK? Right? But it's true. Baldwin voted against our tax cuts. And she wants to restore job-killing regulations that have helped literally rebuild our country.
Baldwin opened and voted against Kate's law, if you can believe that. See voted against the thing that we're proud to have started and we're moving along rapidly, the border wall. And Tammy Baldwin voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities. Not too good in Wisconsin. Tammy Baldwin -- and this is a bad time for being in favor of open borders, but that's what she's in favor of. She wants open borders.
She wants people to pour into our country. Can't do that. Can't do that, Wisconsin. So if you want strong borders and safe communities, you need to vote for Leah. They will. They will. They will, Leah.  I think you like her. They like you, Leah. It's going to be a big, big win. It's going to be a big win for you, because you need that kind of representation.
Thank you, Leah. Finally, let me introduce a true Wisconsin patriot, somebody that I have really gotten to know -- he's a fighter. And he's become a great friend of mine, one of the most capable people in all of government, Governor Scott Walker. You are, Scott. You are. Scott Walker is a tireless warrior.
He is a warrior. Didn't you win, like, three elections last time? Right? He's the only guy who gets elected three times and he doesn't stop. He's a warrior. That was some period of time, right, Scott? Three times! He's a warrior for Wisconsin workers and families.  Go ahead.
He's a good man, folks. I can tell you, he's a good man, and he loves this state. He loves the people of this state. He'll cut your taxes -- he's been doing it -- improve your schools -- he's been doing it -- bring down the cost of health care -- he's been doing that as good as anybody -- and continue creating great paying jobs for the state of Wisconsin.
Scott fights every day for you, and now we need you to fight for him. And all you have to do is go out and vote. Scott, will you come on up here, please? Come on. Come on.
Thank you. Good job.  He's a great guy. Scott's opponent is an extreme liberal named Tony Evers. Tony wants to raise your income taxes substantially, wants to raise your gas taxes, raise your property taxes, raise all of your taxes. And Tony Evers wants to get illegal aliens to flood into Wisconsin to get free public benefits funded by you, the American taxpayer.
No good. No good. So don't wait. Vote early for Scott Walker. Tremendous guy. Leah -- Leah, would you come up here, please? Just quickly. Come up. She's so incredible. Come here. Come here. This is unscheduled, but I want to say it.  Say something just for a second.
Thank you, Leah. Great job.  She's terrific. And we do, we have to have her down there. She's going to be a great leader, but she -- we need the votes. And we need Leah. The Democrat health care plan would obliterate Medicare -- you know that -- and terminate Medicare Advantage for nearly half a million seniors right here in Wisconsin.
These are people that really depend on it. Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it. And you know what? They've paid for it for a long time. They've paid for it. And Republicans will always protect, as Leah said, Americans with pre-existing conditions, 100 percent. One hundred percent.
And we've done a great job. We've gotten rid of a lot of different elements of Obamacare. We had it beaten, but we got no Democrat votes. Not one. And we had it repealed and replaced, but essentially we've dismantled it. We got rid of so much and so many bad elements of it. It's been brought down to size.
If you noticed, your premiums are going up because of what we've done. Going up very little by comparison. Remember, last year I came here and the year before I came here, we were talking about increases of 115 percent, 190 percent, 216 percent in some states. And we got rid of a thing called the individual mandate, where... where you had the privilege of paying a fortune in order not to pay a fortune for bad health care.
That was by far the most unpopular part. It really was the most important part, from their standpoint. Gone. It's gone. Saved tremendous numbers of people a lot of money. Saved a lot of small-business owners a lot of money. And now what we've done is we've come up with great plans. We have all sorts of co-op plans and other plans.
And people are going to them by the millions. And it's been an honor. So we've done a real job. And health care is going to be our major focus, one of our major focuses. We've done something very special. But getting rid of that mandate was so important. Scott would call me all the time, how do you get rid of the individual mandate?
Guess what? We put it into our tax cut plan. Can you believe that one? Because, you know, they talk about majorities. We don't have -- like, it's this. I always say, if a senator catches a cold, we don't have a majority, in one sense. So we have to wait. It's so close. We need more senators. We need more congressmen and women.
And it will happen, because if you look at the early voting, this blue wave doesn't seem to be doing so well. What happened to this blue wave, Paul? I've been hearing about the blue wave, right? It's not doing so well. Now, look, I'd better be a little careful, because, you know, in two weeks, if we don't do quite as well as we're maybe thinking we're going to do, I will be all over television with these exact remarks.
 They will be doing a number, but that's OK. Look, early voting looks extraordinarily good for the Republicans. Certainly. Who knows? It doesn't matter -- it only matters on November 6th, when those votes are tallied up and counted. But the start that you've gotten out to -- because you want safety, you want security, you want great jobs, you want great Medicare and you want health care.
Thank you very much. Thank you. I like that person.  Who is that person? Thank you. Thank you. Good-looking guy. Nice-looking man.  But we want strength. We want a strong military. We want to take care of our veterans. We want to get our veterans -- you know, we did something for our veterans nobody thought was possible.
We got veterans' choice, where if they're not being taken care of, if they're not being taken care of, they go out to a private doctor, veterans' choice. Took 44 years, and Ryan and all of these incredible people that we just introduced, they helped every one of them. And, Paul, thank you. You worked hard on that one, right?
That was not an easy one. And then you had veterans accountability, Paul, right? That was 43 years. That means right now, if they don't treat our veterans right, they were really protected. They could do anything. They could steal, they could rob. They could be sadists. We had some of them, too. They wouldn't have been sadists with our veterans in their prime, but they were nasty.
They were nasty. You couldn't do anything. Now we can fire them so fast your head will spin. The Democrats also want to raid Medicare to fund benefits from so many different things, but they want to fund them for illegal immigrants, so the illegal immigrants come in. And how about the governor slightly different than Scott?
The governor, who's trying to become the next governor of the state of California? He wants open borders -- think of this, just think of this -- he wants open borders, everybody can come to California. And he wants to give you free health care, free education, driver's licenses. I said the other night jokingly probably a Rolls-Royce.
And one of these people said, he said he's going to give them a Rolls-Royce. And he did not say that, the governor never...  You can't joke with these people. You can't be even a little sarcastic. I said, they want to supply a Rolls-Royce. And they actually said, one of them, just one, they want to supply a Rolls-Royce.
They said, the governor of California never said that. They can't take a joke. But maybe they will start taking a joke and maybe we're going to be a lot better off when they do. As we speak, the Democrat Party is openly encouraging caravan after caravan of illegal aliens to violate our laws and break into our country.
Don't worry about it, folks. You have nothing to worry about. Don't worry about it. The crisis on the border -- and it is a crisis, it's crazy. It's crazy. Right now is the sole result of Democrat laws and activists, Democrat judges that do whatever they want and that prevent us from returning illegal aliens back home to Central America and other parts of the world.
Democrats even support sanctuary cities that release violent gang members and MS-3 -- you see the MS-13 predators. Some people don't like it when I use that name. These are predators.  Only in Wisconsin, right. Only. She's screaming. Screaming. She's screaming. I won't say what you screamed.
 Release them into U.S. communities, right? We don't want that. Unless you'd like to have them up in Wisconsin. Would you like to have MS-13... You sure? All right, because -- if you said yes, you know, we'll just send them your way. Paul, I don't think they want MS-13 -- doesn't work up too well, no? You want to know the truth?
I know the people of Wisconsin. Actually, I think MS-13 would be in big trouble. True. I do. Remembers believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. And the Republican party will always stand proudly with the heroes of ICE and Border Patrol and law enforcement.
And you think they have an easy? They don't have an easy job. You know, ICE has taken a tremendous amount of pounding. Pounding. These are great patriots. These are people -- you're right, they're heroes. These are people -- you don't want their job. They go into nests. They call them nests of gangs and like MS-13, equal.
They go into these nests like it's a day at the office. I don't want to do it. You don't want to do it. You don't want to do it. You -- I think that one does want to do it.  I think he does want to do it, actually. It's tough stuff. And, you know, where I grew up, near Long Island, we have, like, these great communities.
And they were infiltrated with MS-13. And we got them...  He says get them the hell out. We are actually. We actually are. Right? We are getting them out of this country by the thousands, if you can believe it. But, you know, it's like liberating, like a war, like there's a foreign invasion.
And they occupy your country. And then you get them out through whatever. And they call it liberation. You liberate it. ICE goes in, and they're much tougher, much stronger, and much smarter. They go in and they, in a relatively nice way -- I want to say that, relatively nice -- they get them out. They put them in the paddy wagons and they get them out of the country.
They bring them back home. Or worse. And these towns are being liberated. And the people are clapping. They're looking -- I'm telling you, it's like -- like watching World War II movies. It's like watching documentaries on World War I and World War II. The occupations, they get them, they take them out, and the people are on their windows, they're clapping and screaming and they're happy.
This is ICE. And the Democrats want to terminate ICE. They want to get rid of them. So if you want to uphold our laws, our borders, and our way of life, you need to vote for Scott Walker and Leah Vukmir. Leah Vukmir. You've got to do it. So, Leah and Scott, good luck. I think you're going to make it. If you don't make it -- he'll call up if he doesn't make it, hello, is the president there?
Oh, who's calling? Scott Walker. Didn't he lose? Yeah. Oh.  I'll talk to him in a few months.  But that'll never happen. Please don't let that happen. Please don't let that happen. He's got a good lead. Just -- you've got to vote. It doesn't matter about leads, you know? The lead. November 6th is your lead.
He does. He has a wonderful lead. And, Leah, lookin' good. You got to get out and vote. They'll both make it, and we need them both, badly. This election is about borders, and this election is about jobs. In less than two years, we've created 4.2 million new jobs and lifted -- listen to this -- 4.2 million Americans off of food stamps.
We've created half a million new manufacturing jobs. You remember when the previous administration said you can't have manufacturing jobs anymore. I used to say, what does he mean by that? By the way, I hate to say it, these are our best jobs. These are our best jobs. These are great jobs, and they're very important jobs for our country.
But remember they said, you need a magic wand. A magic wand. I guess we have a magic wand, right? In fact, now the number is almost 600,000, and that's since our election. And here in Wisconsin, manufacturing jobs are growing at the fastest pace in more than 23 years. African American and Hispanic American poverty has reached an all-time low.
African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment have all reached their lowest rates ever recorded. That's a tough soundbite. Isn't that a tough soundbite for the opponent? Right? And in addition to that, Kanye West likes me. Right? Which is good. Interesting guy. Big Jim Brown, right?
I had Jim Brown. These are opposites. Jim Brown sitting there. He looks like he could play tomorrow. Big Jim and Kanye, total opposites. Jim's strong and silent. Kanye, he has his ideas.  But they're both good people, and they like what we're doing, and that's great. Great people. And women's unemployment just fell to 3.6 percent, which is, as you know -- I hate to say it, that's my worst statistic, because that's only the lowest rate in 65 years.
That's not historic. The lowest -- and I've been waiting for six weeks to get rid of that 65 years. And I haven't been able to do it, but it's happening soon. It's happening soon. We've also taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's abusive trade practices. They want to make a deal. And I said, you're not ready yet.
It's true. They want to make a deal. And President Xi is a great person, and, hopefully, we'll do something soon or someday. But, you know, $500 billion has been taken out of this country for years every year, $500 billion. On trade, we lost $807 billion. Think of it. Eight hundred -- who made these deals?
Who made these deals? And we're the one with all the power, because we're the piggy bank that all of these countries want to come in and rob, so we have all the power. But we did Canada and Mexico, we did South Korea. We're doing a lot of them. Now they're all coming and they all want to make a deal because they're afraid of those tariffs.
They don't want those tariffs. They'll sign anything but tariffs, please. Don't -- don't do that to me, President Trump. We don't want tariffs. We don't want tariffs, please.  Taking care of our people. We're taking care of our people. You know, we had these globalists. They didn't care so much about us. They want to take care of the globe.
I want to take care of the United States of America. And we'll help other countries. We're going to help other countries. But we can't have wealthy, wealthy countries where we take care of their military and we're not reimbursed, or we're reimbursed for a tiny fraction. Can't have that. These are wealthy countries.
I've already started. I've gone to some of them. I don't know if I should give you names. Eh, who cares? There are plenty of them. I say, Mr. Prime Minister, I say, Mr. President, I say, Mr. King, Mr. Dictator, Mr. Whoever the hell we're protecting, you got to start paying for this protection. Got to start paying.
And Prime Minister Abe, prime minister of Japan, great guy, fantastic man, actually. Just won a big election. But I said it to him. Japan's an immensely wealthy nation. They send millions and millions of cars to the United States, and they also build them in the United States. I like them better, by the way.
I think they're much nicer. But I said to Prime Minister Abe, I said, look, we're taking care of your military. We help you a lot with North Korea. They're not sending missiles over Japan. I did that. That's a pretty good -- wouldn't you say? That's pretty good, right? That's a good thing. But you're only paying for a percentage of your military.
We're doing the rest. You've got to really help us out. It's not fair. And he looked at me, and he didn't say anything. I said, has anyone ever asked you to do this before? He goes, no.  It's true. I'm talking about billions of dollars. South Korea, the same thing. Wonderful people, President Moon.
We buy missile systems. How much is that system? Sir, that system is $1 billion. Good. General told me that. I said, General, who's paying for it? Sir, I don't know.  I said, find out who's paying. I think I knew the answer. Comes back the next day, sir, the system is -- think of it, not a million, a billion -- the system is $1 billion, and, sir, the United States of America's paying for it. I said, why are we paying?
Let me ask you this question. You have missiles being shot from North Korea to shut -- it's not going to happen, folks, because we have a great relationship now with Kim Jong-un, Chairman Kim. Not going to happen. So this is a year ago. I said, so let me ask you, missiles go from North Korea to South Korea.
We have the best people in the world, the best trained -- we have a missile system that costs $1 billion. We shoot the missiles down. That's great. South Korea's very wealthy. They make your Samsung, your LG, they make your ships, they make everything -- they're making a fortune because of us. We have 32,000 soldiers over there that they don't pay for.
Figure that one. So they're making the missiles. I say, so, General, let me ask you a question. Why is it that they don't pay? Because, sir, they are an ally of the United States of America. And I say, General, I like them, too, but they've got to pay. They've got to pay. They've got to pay. Oh, I could tell you a hundred stories like that.
I could tell you stories all night long, but the politicians may get tired and go home.  But we are really doing something. We secured $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military. And at my direction, very exciting, because this is where it's at, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force.
That's where it's at. Have to do it. Have to do it. Think of that. Isn't that exciting? And it's so important. That's what it is. Satellites are going to be very -- they're happening. That's where it's at. From the standpoint -- I'm not just talking about rockets going to the moon, rockets going -- I'm talking about for military protection, for military offense and defense.
That's where it's at. U.S. Space Force. And I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal or catastrophe. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And together we have made extraordinary progress, and we're just getting started.
You know, the embassy was supposed to cost $1.1 billion, you know that, right? And every president for many presidents said we're going to approve it, we're going to approve it, they never did. Because once they got to office, they found not so easy. First of all, every country in the world called, please don't do it, don't do it, don't do it. So I just turned off the phone.
I said I don't want to talk to these people.  I was going to approve it on a Monday, and I said, tell them I'll call them back on Tuesday. I'm going to call them -- I called more people on Tuesday. I said, yeah, what's up? Well, I wanted to talk to you about the embassy. Oh, gee, sorry. It's done.
 But I understand why Obama and Bush and Clinton and many, many all the way back didn't do it. Tremendous pressure. And we did it. But it was supposed to cost $1.1 billion, $1.1 billion. And one of the generals walked into my -- it's true, would you sign this? I started -- I signed Donald -- and I said, by the way, what is it I'm signing?
You know, I sign a lot of papers. Scary, you're signing so many papers. I said, what is this? Sir, we're building the United States Embassy in Jerusalem. Oh, how much is it? $1.1 billion, sir. How the hell do you build 1.1 -- we're building a one-story building. Any builders in here from Wisconsin? You'd do it for about $200,000, right?
Oh, it's true. I said, how do you spend $1.1 billion on a one-story structure? Sir, I don't know, but that's what they say it's going to cost. I say, wait a minute, I can't sign it. In fact, it's actually half-signed. No, it's signed half. It just says Donald. I didn't even get the J for John. Just says Donald and then you see it's a dead stop.
I said, I'm not signing it. And I called up a great man, David Friedman, one of the most successful lawyers in New York. He's the ambassador to Israel. I said, David, they want us to buy this unbelievably expensive site and they want us to build a building that's going to cost $1.1 billion. Number one, it probably will take 25 years.
It'll never happen. Let's get this thing done immediately. Is there anything -- he said, sir, can I call you back? Calls me back four days later, and he says, sir, we own the best site in Jerusalem. We don't have to buy a site. We have the best site. On the site setback, which they want for safety, setback is a building, and the building is nice, but the best location.
I think I can renovate the building, sir, and I can do it for less than $200,000. True. True story. That's a true story. I can do it for less than $200,000. First time in my life ever, I think it's the first time, I said, David, that's too little. I said, it doesn't sound right. I said, spend $400,000 or $500,000, OK? It's too little.
And we went out and we built the most beautiful building for $500,000. Yes? Go ahead. You have a doctor in the house, please? Doctor? Doctor, over here, please. Thank you. Are they OK? OK?  You have a doctor? Thank you, Doctor. Doctors do a great job. Take your time. That's great.
Thank you. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you. Hey. Thank you. Great. Thank you. Thank you folks very much. That's very nice. So we got it built. And we're happy, and we saved about $1.1 billion, essentially. And it's up. It's open. It's operating. And we're happy. Everybody's happy. If you vote Republican this November, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, and raise your incomes.
We will protect Medicare and Social Security. We will continue to confirm judges who interpret our Constitution as written. We will secure our border. We will pass Kate's law. We'll stop those sanctuary cities, stop catch-and-release, end visa lottery, the worst. Pick it out of a hat. Pick it out of a hat.
How about that? Visa lottery. We have a lottery. A lottery for people coming to the United States. I don't think those countries are putting their finest in the lottery. We say, how do these people come here? We got them in the lottery. Oh, great. We're going to end the lottery, end chain migration, which is terrible, and we will keep the criminals, drug dealers, and terrorists the hell out of our country.
We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. You now have a president who is proudly standing up for you and for America.  Thank you. We are standing up for your values.
We are standing up for Wisconsin. And we are proudly standing up for our great national anthem. If you want to continue this incredible momentum, then you must vote Republican. Go out and vote. Vote for Leah. Vote for Scott. Great people. You won't get better. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people.
That's what's happening. This state was settled by tough frontier men and strong pioneer women who braved the wilderness to build a life and a home. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury. But they all had one thing in common: They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God.
These courageous Wisconsin patriots did not shed their blood, shed their sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy and destroy our proud American heritage. For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win, and we are going to keep on winning like never before.
We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory, victory, victory. Because we are Americans, and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
And together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you very much, Wisconsin. Thank you.
Do we have a great country or what? Great country. Hello, Houston. I'm thrilled to be back. Well, you treated me very well during a certain election two years ago. With all my friends from the Lone Star State, a special, special place, thank you very much for being here. This is some record crowd. And they just told me we broke the record, but we could really break it if we could get all the people that are outside in here.
We'd break it by three times. But it's true what they say: Everything in Texas is just bigger. Right? It's bigger. In just 15 days, the people of Texas are going to re-elect a man who has become a really good friend of mine. You know, we had our little difficulties, right? But actually, if you remember, the beginning, it was a love-fest.
And they kept saying, the fake news back here, they kept saying... Remember they kept saying, well, when is it going to break up? And it's day, don't worry, it'll break up. We actually had a rally in Washington, D.C., together. And nobody could believe it. They said, what's going on? What are you doing? But we had the rally together.
And then we said, you know, it's time. That's what has to happen. And it got nasty. And then it ended. And I'll tell you what, nobody has helped me more with your tax cuts, with your regulation, with all of the things that we're doing, including military and our vets, then Senator Ted Cruz. Nobody. He defended your jobs.
He defended your borders. And we are defending that border, by the way, in case you haven't noticed. We are defending that border. He defends your families. He defends your faith. And we are defending together, with a lot of other great Republicans, your freedom. Now, early voting is now underway. So get out there and vote.
It is underway as we speak. If you'd like to leave now, go ahead. Anybody want to leave, go vote, come back. Get behind about 50,000 people outside. Who we love. And we put big screens out for them. Let's wave to them. Wave! But I will say, you got a better location. Your location's better. And Ted is leading the Congress in Congress for more tax cuts.
In fact, I just left Kevin Brady. By the way, how good is Kevin Brady? He's here. We're going to be putting in a 10 percent tax cut for middle-income families. It's going to be put in next week, 10 percent tax cut. Kevin Brady is working on it. We've been working on it for a few months, a 10 percent brand-new -- and that is in addition to the big tax cuts that you've already gotten.
But this one is for middle income. This is -- no business. Business is now good. They're coming back. The jobs are coming back. The plants and factories are coming back like never before. They're all coming back. This is for middle-income people, all middle-income people, a big tax, 10 percent. We'll be putting it in next week.
Now, if the Democrats take over -- I can't speak, I'm sorry. Instead of a tax cut, you're going to have a big, beautiful tax raise. You don't want that. You know, explain that to me. They're for open borders, which means crime, and for massive tax cuts. They're against law enforcement, they're totally against ICE and law enforcement.
They're against your military, and they're not good to your vets. How do you win on that platform? No, how do you win? So we're doing again -- we've done the biggest regulation cuts in the history of our country. And I'm only here for almost two years, actually quite a bit less than two years, if you think about it. We have another three months.
And we've already done more tax cuts -- and we have already done -- biggest tax cut, but we've done more regulation cuts than any other president in history, and that's four years, eight years, 12 years. And what we're doing -- we want people to come into our country. We have a 3.7 percent unemployment. It's the lowest it's been in more than 50 years.
But they have to come in legally, and they have to come in through merit. Through merit.  That's happening. We need it. So we started the wall. They've got $1.6 billion. We got another $1.6 billion. We have a third $1.6 billion. I want to do it fast. And, you know, what's happening right now, as a large group of people -- they call it a caravan.
Do you know how the caravan started? Does everybody know what this means? I think the Democrats had something to do with it. And now they're saying, I think we made a big mistake. Because people are seeing how bad it is, how pathetic it is, how bad our laws are, they made a big mistake. So as the caravan -- and, look, that is an assault on our country.
That's an assault. And in that caravan you have some very bad people. You have some very bad people. And we can't let that happen to our country. And it's not. And I was just talking to your great governor and senators and you were talking about your attorney general, who I'm going to be introducing in a second.
But I'm talking to a lot of your people, and they're going to form a wall, a different kind of wall, until we get the other one built. We need a wall built fast. Fast. We have to protect our borders. We don't have borders, we don't have a country. We have to protect our borders. And Ted, you probably saw, did a beautiful job in staring down an angry left-wing mob in our recent Supreme Court battle victory.
Whatever you want to call it. He was great. And thanks to Ted, and our other great Republicans, because we had no help from the other side, as you know, we now have a brand-new member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. And also, this is such an honor, because, you know, you've had many presidents.
They never get to put a justice on the Supreme Court. They've been there for a long time. Think of this. This is the story of our lives. I've been there less than two years, and I have two of them, because we also have... a fantastic new justice in Neil Gorsuch. We had him just approved. He was just confirmed.
And we have a record number of circuit court judges for the time that we've been in office. And that we fully expect to go to the all-time record. And percentagewise, it's right up there, and we've only been here a short -- OK, ready? Here's the question. Percentagewise, who has more justices, federal judges appointed, percentwise than any other president?
Who is it? No, more. Who -- who appointed the highest percentage of judges? No, no, no, it wasn't Hillary Clinton. No, she didn't make it, remember? She didn't make it. No, you know who it is? You'll never guess. It's called George Washington. And we're after George Washington. So a very big thing. No, George Washington, why?
Because he just started. He did 100 percent. Nobody's ever going to break that record. Nobody's ever going to break the record of George Washington. Good, old George. He never told a lie. That's what they say. George Washington, right? He never told a lie. But he did 100 percent of the judges. We'll never beat that record.
But we're getting close. What the radical Democrats did to Justice Kavanaugh and his beautiful family... is a national disgrace. They were on a ruthless mission to obstruct, resist, delay, demolish, and destroy, which is all they know how to do. The fact is, they're lousy politicians, they have horrible policy, but they stick together.
That's one good thing, they stick together. The only thing they have. They always stick together. Other than that, doesn't work out. Other than that, they're not doing too well. If you want the fake news media to finally investigate... By the way, by the way...  Don't worry. I don't like them either, OK? But look at this.
Look. Just look. So here we are, we're doing a rally for Ted, and it's great, we have a lot of people. Look how many made it. This is like -- it's like -- this is the Academy Awards, which actually has gone down the tubes. I think we do much better. Look how many. Look how many. Look at them. Do you recognize many of those happy faces back there?
I know every one of them. I know every one of them. And 15 percent of them are great.  Every one. I know every one. But if you the fake news to finally investigate Hillary Clinton, we'll just have... Man.  I didn't do it. I didn't do it. I didn't do it. So if you want them to investigate, we'll just have to nominate Hillary Clinton to the United States Supreme Court.
How do you like that? Right? Let's see how she does. If Judge Kavanaugh had to go through what he went through -- and there is -- he's a fine man -- can you imagine Hillary up there? That would take three to four years of questions.  At stake in this election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity that we've all achieved or whether we let the radical Democrat mob take a giant wrecking ball and destroy our country and our economy.
The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in more than 50 years. Five-oh. Here's one that's hard to beat, because the number of Americans working at this moment -- think of it -- at this -- working, working, working -- the number of Americans working has just reached the highest in the history of our country.
All-time high. We have eliminated a record number of job-killing regulations. That's one of the reasons our companies are all coming back. Republicans passed the biggest tax cut and reform in history with massive tax cuts for the middle class. And now we're adding 10 percent to those numbers. We've saved your family farms, ranches, and small businesses from the estate tax, also known as the death tax.
So most of you love your children. Some of you don't.  But the ones who don't, don't listen to me, because this won't matter, because you're not going to leave it anyway. And if you don't love your children, and if your children didn't treat you good, don't leave them anything.  Give it to charity or somebody else.
But for those of you that really would like your small businesses, your farms, your ranches left to your children instead of now having your children go out when you kick the bucket, a sad day, and about two or three days later, they're happy as hell. No, forget it.  Instead of have them -- instead on having them go out and borrow a tremendous amount of money to pay the estate tax, they don't have to borrow anything.
There's no tax. There's no tax. So you'll be able to -- to me, that's a very important thing. Nobody even talks about it. That was in our -- that was in our tax cuts. So a lot of small business, a lot of farms, ranches, and there will be no tax. So that's great for your children. Only if you love them. Only if you love them.
Anybody in here does not love their child? Anybody?  A couple of you. Two people. That's not bad. My administration also ended the horrible war on American energy, something you people know a lot about. He withdrew the United States from the very unfair, one-sided Paris climate accord, which was putting us out of business.
On day one, I approved the Keystone and the Dakota Access pipeline, 48,000 jobs, day one. Day one. Think of that, day one. They spent years and years trying to get these pipelines built. And by the way, we're speeding up the approval process by a factor of 10 for your pipelines that you desperately need in Texas to get the oil to its destination.
We're speeding it up. I've heard so much. With Texas leading the way, think of this one, the United States is now -- this happened over the last very short period of time -- the largest producer of crude oil and natural gas anywhere in the world. Thank you. That's pretty good. That's big stuff. We're the number-one energy producer in the world.
Who would think that? And we're going to get those pipelines approved very rapidly. I called the heads of agencies. I say, get them approved. And, you know what, if there's a problem, we let them know about the problem immediately. We don't take them 20 years down the road and then say we can't approve it. We let them know immediately.
There won't be a problem. For the first time in more than 60 years, America is a net exporter of natural gas. And here's good news for Texas. Good news for Texas. Because just today, Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel has announced that her country will now purchase massive amounts of LNG, which is great news for your state.
And I told all of the European nations, it's not fair. We have all these horrible trade imbalances. They take such advantage. They're not taking advantage anymore, folks. Under Republican leadership, America is winning again, America is respected again, because we are putting America first.
We're putting America first. It hasn't happened in a lot of decades. We're putting them first. We're taking care of ourselves for a change, folks. Thank you. I like that guy, but not that much. Not that much.
But radical Democrats want to turn back the clock for the rule of corrupt power-hungry globalists. You know what a globalist is, right? You know what a globalist is? A globalist is a person that wants the globe to do well, frankly, not caring about our country so much. And you know what? We can't have that. You know, they have a word. It sort of became old-fashioned. It's called a nationalist. And I say, really, we're not supposed to use that word. You know what I am? I'm a nationalist, OK? I'm a nationalist. Nationalist. Nothing -- use that word. Use that word. 
They reported yesterday that Donald Trump is very unpopular with foreign nations. He's one of the most unpopular presidents in the history of polling. And I said -- no, I said, of course I'm unpopular with foreign nations, because we're not letting them rip us off anymore, folks, OK? They meant it to be bad.
When the fake news -- they meant it to be bad. Donald Trump, very unpopular with other nations. And you know what I had? It was 70 percent against and 30 percent for. I said, who is the 30 percent? Why would they ever want to vote for him? Because, honestly, we're treating everybody good. We're helping people.
We're protecting people. But, you know, when we protect with our military, the greatest in the world, and now it's a lot better than it's ever been because of what we're doing... We have to be reimbursed for that protection. We have to be reimbursed. We're protecting the wealthiest nations in the world. And we're subsidizing them.
And then they beat us on trade. They take advantage of us. So those days are over. You're seeing it, it's happening fast. Happening fast. The most unpopular president. Think of that. Most unpopular president. But I'm one of the most popular presidents in this country, and that's good. That's just good. In our country.
A couple of polls came out today that were very good. And they didn't want to put them on. They didn't want to announce them. And they paid for the polls. We have a new poll out. Let me see. Oh, let's get to another subject. Fake news. The Democrats want to replace freedom with socialism. They want to replace Texas values with Nancy Pelosi values.
And they want to replace the rule of law with the rule of the mob. That's what is happening. And the Democrats would rather destroy American communities than defend America's borders. Not going to let it happen. Got to vote for Ted Cruz. Democrats -- the Democrats are a big risk to the American family, and our country cannot afford to take those kind of risks.
We can't. This will be the election of the caravan, Kavanaugh, law and order, tax cuts, and common sense. That's what it is, common sense. Ted's opponent in this race is a stone-cold phony named Robert Francis O'Rourke, sometimes referred to as Beto. And he pretends to be a moderate, but he's actually a radical open-borders left-winger.
That's what he is. And I know Texas well. Don't forget, they tried to convince you on Election Night that Texas is in play. I kept hearing -- I'd go to a thing, and I'd have -- remember the lines I'd have for the speeches? Would have lines like it is tonight. I hate to tell you, I think the lines are bigger tonight than they were two years -- you know why?
Because I produced. I produced. Because I produced. No, the lines are bigger tonight. And it's easier. You know, two years ago, two-and-a-half years ago, I'd have to get up and say, we will give you tax cuts, we will cut regulations. But it was all words. Now I've produced, so this is easy. This is easy.
In fact, some of those guys -- and they don't question it -- will say that I produced more than I promised, which is true. Which is true, actually. But O'Rourke voted against your tax cuts and he went against Texas oil workers with the job-killing regulations and taxes that were really, really hurting those jobs and those companies.
O'Rourke supports a socialist takeover of health care. You're going to triple your taxes and it won't be enough. And it will be lousy health care. You'll end up waiting for five weeks to see a doctor. And I heard Ted say just before I went on, but to me this is a beauty, because I don't know of anybody that's earned this rating.
He got an F from the NRA, one of the few. You know -- you know what an F means? An F means he wants to take away your guns, OK? That's what it means. I never even heard of an F. I never heard. Louie, did you ever hear of an F? I never heard. Do we love Louie? Do we love Louie? Look at him. Louie Gohmert.
I don't know what Louie's rating is, but I would assume it's about, what, an A-plus, right? A-plus-plus. Louie. I love people that are gutsy -- they have guts. He has guts. It's up there. They defend you. And they defend your Second Amendment. And if Ted doesn't win, your Second Amendment is going to be in trouble.
Big trouble. Remember that. O'Rourke voted against the border wall, oh, that's a good thing to -- he voted against Kate's law. And he voted for Obama amnesty, amnesty, Obama amnesty. O'Rourke even voted to shield MS-13 gang members from deportation. He doesn't want to deport them. He says they're people.
They're people. They carve you up with a knife, but they're people. O'Rourke voted in favor of sanctuary cities that result in the death of countless Americans. Today's Democrat Party would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens, which is why the Democrats must be voted out of office. We need more Republican votes.
A vote for a Democrat this November is a vote to surrender Congress to Nancy Pelosi, crying Chuck Schumer, the great Maxine Waters, that's a beauty. Maxine Waters. Did you get that one? You get that? Maxine. She's going to be in charge of your finances. Maxine. Good old Maxine. Low IQ individual.  Low IQ. How about this one?
Senator Dianne Feinstein. The mayor who did one of the worst jobs of any mayor, other than the guy running for governor in Florida. He was a horrible mayor, too. Cory Booker. He destroyed what he did. He was so bad running Newark. And a sad thing happened last week. Because Elizabeth Warren was exposed as being a total fraud.
And I can no longer call her Pocahontas, because she has no Indian blood! I can't call her... I can't call her Pocahontas. She doesn't qualify. She has -- I've been saying for a long time. I've been saying it for a year-and-a-half, I said I have more Indian blood than she has, and I have none. I have none.
But I have more than she has. But I can't use the name Pocahontas anymore. But if you don't mind, I will anyway. Is that OK? We got to keep her down. But in this election, the people of Texas are going to make a giant and beautiful stand. You're going to elect a Republican House. And even they're having a little problem.
They're getting a little nervous, right? Remember, about a month ago, right, they were talking about this blue wave. Oh. You don't hear about the blue wave. You're not hearing so much. The blue wave is being dissipated a little bit. I don't hear them talking -- are you guys still talking about the blue wave?
The blue wave, that's coming, right? Blue wave. You don't hear about it too much. Let me tell you, you got to get out and vote. Because you know what happens? The party that has the presidency -- I don't know why. I guess you get a little sedate, I guess you get a little something. Who knows? You lose something.
I don't know. But I think two times since the Great Depression, it was a positive. But nobody ever had the condition of having produced the greatest economy in the history of our country, right? Nobody. So I don't understand, why would we lose the House? But historically -- so history is against us, but the facts are all with us. So I think we're going to do well.
You have to get out and vote. Early voting, remember. But I think we're going to do great with the House and we're going to do fantastic with the Senate so that we can keep making America great again. And, you know, we're going to be changing. I love that -- I hate to -- OK, let me ask your advice, right?
Texas, you're smart, you're tough. So we have make America great again. I think it has to be the greatest slogan in the history of politics, right? Make America great again. What did she have? Some stupid slogan like stay together.  Remember -- and then when I knocked it -- or wasn't it like stay with me? And then I got up, and I said, see, that's all she can talk about is herself.
So they paid a million dollars for that slogan and she changed it the next morning because it was a disaster. Stay with me. They didn't do that. They decided not to. So here's what happened. Make America great again. But now we're running -- we're doing good. We've come so -- you know, we've created $11.7 trillion.
And, remember, we're hitting China hard. We're hitting everybody hard. We're doing these trade deals. So we're doing this. When they all kick in, you'll see numbers like you wouldn't believe. But we've created $11.7 trillion. Other countries, China, you've never seen this before with China. Remember, it was always China's doing so great, China, China, everything's China.
I said, what about us? Well, we're down. We're not down anymore, folks! We're way up. Way up. We're way up. Way up.  And, by the way, I want China to do well, but they went down 32 percent over the last six months and we went way up. And since our election, we've gone up almost 50 percent.
Think of it, $11.7 trillion we created. China has lost about $20 trillion. We want them to be happy, we want them to do well, but they have to treat us fairly. They haven't treated us fairly. And they will. They have a wonderful, great leader, President Xi, and they will. The choice in November could not be more clear.
Democrats produce mobs. Republicans produce jobs. Right?  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. It's a great state. These are great people. And did we ever help you -- hey, did, honestly, you know we were here a lot. Did we help you with that lousy hurricane that you suffered through?
That sucker was brutal. That was brutal. I never saw anything like it. It kept coming in. It was taunting us. Have you ever been taunted? It was taunting. It would come in and you'd say, oh, great, now it's -- then it goes out, it reloads, it comes in. Then it dumps. Then it goes out. Then it comes -- three times.
And I'm paying for that. I'm saying, is this thing ever going to stop? Will it just go away? That was a brutal -- that was a brutal hurricane. And you know who was fantastic? The United States Coast Guard. You know, because that was a very big deal, and there was a lot of water. And I don't know who in this room did it, but these guys with the little boats, they think they have this great boat, OK? Where do these people come from?
They want to go out and they want to go into the hurricane to show their wife how great they are? And then they get out and they say, oh, my god, I'm dead. And I asked one of the Coast Guard guys, I said, so let me ask you a question. When they go out -- by the way, the Coast Guard, hard to believe, they saved in Texas more than any other place.
Florida had a bad one, but it wasn't the same kind. In Texas, the United States Coast Guard saved 16,000 lives. Think of what that is. Think of what that is. And I said to a couple of the top guys -- these are great people. I said, let me ask you a question. When these boats, what happens? He said, well, they want to go out, they want to sort of play at the edge.
But there was no edge to this big monster. And it gobbled them up. And these guys are going through it. I said, how big is a thing like that? You have great equipment, you have the greatest boats. They said, sir, we have the best boats in the world, but we hit that thing wrong, we don't have a chance. These are great boats.
He said, we go down just like everybody else. And they would ride the crest. They call it ride the crest. They'd back up. They'd let it go by. They'd come in. They'd save a lot of people. They'd go back out. Then it came back out. The Coast Guard, their brand has appreciated more than any brand in this country, the United States Coast Guard.
We have to say it. They did a great job. And next time, all you guys and gals, when there's a hurricane, do me a favor. Don't take your boat out. Just get out of town for a little while. That was a brutal period of time. But you did incredibly. And you really -- FEMA was great. Law enforcement was great.
First responders were great. The military. But the Coast Guard represented the military. Incredible. So we were honored to be joined this evening by many great Republican leaders. Here tonight is a man who is incredible. He is a man with tremendous spirit. He asked me for more money than any human being has ever asked for.
I got to tell you -- first, his name happens to be Governor Greg Abbott. Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Where is Greg? Where is he? He's the greatest guy. Where is he? I think he's -- there are a lot of people in this room. But, you know, Greg, I just took pictures with him backstage. I think -- do we like him more than Trump?
Yes, right? No, yes, I do. I like him more than Trump. But he called me up. And we have just given billions and billions of dollars to the state of Texas. And he goes, Mr. President, could I ask you one small question? "What?" He said, sir, we'd like to build a dam, and it's not very much money, but it would really help us for the next hurricane.
It would keep the waters out of Houston. You know where he's talking about right? And he said it was just a small favor, but if I could, I'd like to ask you for that money. I said, Greg, how much is it? This -- how many -- $35 billion, $40 billion? I said, Greg, how much is it? Sir, it's only $10 billion.
I said, wait a minute. Say it again. It's only -- listen to this -- it's only $10 billion with a B. I said, Greg, that's the most expensive dam I've ever heard of. But I'll tell you, he loves Texas. He's here some place. He loves Texas. He loves Texas. He loves the people of Texas. And he's a great man. And he did a fantastic job under a lot of pressure.
That hurricane was pressure. And you got all A's and A-pluses. Everybody did, the responders, FEMA, the governor, and the lieutenant governor, Dan Patrick. Dan? Finally, I see them. They're over here. It's hard, when you have 22,000 people in a room, it's hard to fire one person. It's hard to find one person even when he's tall.
And another tall guy, who is an incredible senator, he represents you so well. He's always fighting for you. And he was the one that asked Dianne Feinstein, did you leak? Remember? And she went, oh. So he was the one. He said, looks over to her, remember? During the hearings? Those horrible hearings, where they were so nasty and horrible, to a great gentleman who's going to go down as one of our greatest Supreme Court justices ever?
He goes out and he goes -- he's on the committee. And he goes, did you leak? And she went, oh, what, no, no, no, I don't -- wait a minute, let me check. Did we leak? No, you -- no, we didn't leak. Oh. No. That was the worst body language. She was so guilty of leaking. She leaked. John Cornyn was great. He was great during the hearings.
Stand up, John. You know, it was a surprise. You surprised her, right? She didn't know what the hell happened, John. You surprised her with that beautiful Texas accent. Thank you, John. Great job. Always a great job, not just there. Always a great job. And you have an attorney general who doesn't stop. He's tough, he's smart, he collects more money for this state.
He loves the state. Ken Paxton, thank you, Ken. Great job. Doing a great job, Ken. We're working closely with your state leaders in the recovery effort following the devastation of Harvey. We continue to work. It doesn't go so quickly, although in this case went very fast. And we're never going to rest until that hurricane is totally out of our sight, our vision, everything's fixed, and it's very close to being finalized.
But we'll never rest until every last brick, every piece of asphalt and concrete, everything is perfecto. Right? And if we did rest, Ted Cruz and John Cornyn and Ken Paxton and Dan -- I love Dan, what a great guy, thank you -- they will not let me rest, will you? They'll never let me rest. We stand ready to help Texas respond to the storms that are continuing to cause flooding throughout the region.
And we're doing things to alleviate some of those storms. I don't know that we're going to do the one that the governor asked for, but that could be. That could. I said, would you name it the "Trump Dam," please? Name it the "Trump Dam." It's beautiful, it's big and expensive. I want -- no, I'm only kidding.
I did not ask him that. Tomorrow would be headline, Trump demands name on the dam. I also want to recognize your outstanding Republican Congressman, including Chairman Kevin Brady, what a guy. Where is he? What a guy. You talk about help with taxes. And so, Kevin, we're putting in next week the 10 percent reduction in middle-income taxes, right, next week?
OK. He promised in front of 22,000 people. I don't need that. He promised to me. That's good. Thank you, Kevin. What a great job. Great man. Congressman Bill Flores, thank you, Bill. Great job. Congressman John Conner. Get out and vote for Bill and John. A friend of mine, you don't have to vote for him, actually, because he's so far ahead -- I'm sure he loves me saying this -- you don't have to vote for him.
Just -- all these other -- got to vote for them. Can't take -- but you don't have to vote for this guy. He is leading by, like, 60 points. He's leading by -- but, you know what, do me a favor. Because I don't want to have a depressed man on my shoulders. Go out and vote for him anyway, because he is outstanding.
He's a winner. He's a champion. He's a warrior. Louie Gohmert. Louie. Hey, Louie, should they bother voting or is it just over? You want them to vote, right, Louie? I think we'll have -- go out and vote for Louie. Another congressman who's been so helpful, Ted Poe. Ted, thank you, Poe. Congressman Pete Olson.
Thank you, Pete. Great job. Congressman Randy Weber. Thank you. Great job, Randy. Thank you, Randy. You got great people in this state, by the way. These are great people. Congressman Brian Babin. Congressman John Culberson, who's a great guy. He's a great guy. Get out and vote for John. He's got a lot of money being poured against him.
Get out and vote for John. Get out and vote for Pete Sessions. Pete Sessions is a fantastic congressman. They're pouring money in that race. He's still leading, and John's leading, but get out. Louie, don't worry. John, Pete, you have to. Jodey Arrington, Jodey? Jodey has done a great job. And Congressman Michael Cloud, thank you, Michael.
Thank you, Michael. Great job, Michael. Great job. These are great people. Great patriots, people that love Texas. If you don't want to be saying the words Speaker Nancy Pelosi... that's not good -- for the next two years, then you need to go out and vote for these tremendous Republican lawmakers. They are tremendous.
Thank you, fellas. Thank you. Thank you, fellas. Thank you, Louie. Thank you, Louie. This election is about protecting the sacred values we all share and the values that Texas Republicans are fighting for each and every day. We believe in the right to free speech, the right to religious liberty, and we believe in the right to keep and bear arms.
We believe in law and order, and we cherish the incredible men and women of law enforcement. We believe that judges should always interpret the Constitution as written. We believe that schools should teach our children to be proud of their country and to respect our great American flag. We kneel in prayer and we proudly stand for our national anthem and our American flag.
We know that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true center of American life. So true. And above all else, we know this. In America, we don't worship government. We worship God. These are the values that unite people all across the great state of Texas. In this election, you can send a message to the radical Democrats, don't mess with Texas.
Vote for Ted Cruz and vote Republican. A future under Democratic mob rule would be a total catastrophe. Democrats in Congress have already signed up for a socialist takeover of health care that would eliminate the private insurance of more than 15 million Texans. The Democrat plan would destroy Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage for 1.4 million Texas seniors who depend on it. Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it and who have paid for it for a long time.
And Republicans will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. We protect you. Pre-existing conditions. Right? The Democrat plan to destroy American health care includes free health care and education to illegal aliens paid for by you, thank you very much, the American taxpayer. And they absolutely demand -- and that's happening -- they want to demand to vote.
They want to be able to vote. They want to be able to vote. Oh, don't worry about it. They want to be able to vote. The illegals -- and by the way, I hate to tell you, you go to California, you go -- they vote anyway. They vote anyway. And they're not supposed to. And every time I say it, the fake news says, oh, they said -- they got so many people voting legally in this country, it's a disgrace, OK? It's a disgrace.
Voter ID, folks. Voter ID. Voter ID. You got to put your voter ID -- you do it on everything. The only thing you don't have to do it for is when you vote. Not going to be that way. Voter ID. Republicans believe we should protect public benefits for truly needy Americans, not for illegal aliens. As we speak, the Democrat Party is openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and overwhelm our nation.
That's what's happening. The Democrats have launched an assault on the sovereignty of our country, the security of our nation, and the safety of every single American. The crisis on our border right now as we speak is the sole result of Democrat laws and activists, Democrat judges that prevent us from returning illegal aliens from Central America and all over the world.
It's called catch and release. You know what catch and release is, right? You got these great people from Border Patrol. These are great people, ICE, Border Patrol. These are incredible people. Tough job. They catch them and then they release them. And they say you have to come back for a court case. They just put their foot over immediately.
They touch our land. You have to come back in two years for a court case. Well, number one, they never come back. Three percent. And I don't believe the three. We release them into our country, because that's what the Democrats want. And then a lot of bad things happen when that happens. The Democrats don't care what their extremist immigration agenda will do to your neighborhoods, to your hospitals, or to your schools.
They don't care that the mass illegal immigration will totally bankrupt our country, because all the Democrats care about is regaining power, no matter how they have to go about doing it. All the witch hunts, no matter what they do, they just want to gain power. But we're not going to let them gain power.
And that's why the Democrats all support catch and release. That's why they support visa lottery. You know what visa lottery? Countries put name in a batch and you pick them. You pick them. You keep picking them. And then then you got nothing but problems, because you think those countries are putting their finest?
I don't think so. It's a great way to dispose of their problems. Visa lottery. And then you have chain migration. A guy comes in, as an example, West Side Highway in Manhattan. That's where I am. Beautiful park, beautiful highway. This animal is driving a car down and he decides he's going to make a right, right into the park where everyone is working out, exercising, running, bicycling.
And he knocks everything down, including kills eight people. And badly wounds -- you ever notice they never talk about the people that are wounded, where they lose their arms, and their legs, and their lives can never be the same? They never talk. They say eight people died. They don't talk about the 12 people that lost something so important.
These are people that are in a park where they go to exercise so they can be in perfect shape. And they go home months later without their legs, without their arms. Because this animal going at a very fast speed just decided he's going to make a right into the park and run people over. So he has 22 people that came in, because he's here.
So he's here. It's called chain, a chain, nice name, chain migration. He's here. His mother comes with him, his father then comes, his uncle, his aunt, his brother, his nephew, his sister, 22 people. No jobs. Just 22 people. No more chain migration. No more chain migration. That's why the Democrats want to give illegal aliens free welfare and the right to vote.
That's why Democrats want to abolish ICE. The casualties of the Democrats' open border crusade -- and you're going to see it over the next two weeks -- I'm stuck with it. I want to change it. But we have a tiny, tiny majority. I need the votes. We don't have enough votes. As an example, with the Senate, we need 60 votes.
But we have 51. We have a tiny majority. We need 60 votes. So they don't allow us to do it. They're killing and hurting innocent Americans. Democrat immigration policies allow poisonous drugs and MS-13 to pour into our country. And Democrat sanctuary cities release violent criminals from jail and straight into your neighborhoods.
Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens. Common sense. Common sense. The Republican Party will always stand proudly with the heroes of ICE. These are tough people, by the way. They're great Americans, but you don't want their job. They go into the -- they call them nests, MS-13, killers.
They don't like using guns because it's too quick. They like cutting people up, slicing them, killing them, like they did to two beautiful, lovely young girls going back home from school, killing them, slicing them. They didn't want the guns. These are evil people. Yeah, yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's right.
He said it. These are -- that's right. They're animals. They're animals. So, you know, when I see -- in Long Island, I grew up in -- near Long Island, and I know every town out there. These are great towns. They have been great towns. For some reason, a lot of the MS-13 went out to Long Island. And I've been hearing from friends of mine.
And we send ICE in. We put ICE in there and it's like you liberate -- it's like a war. You liberate the town. And those people are clapping and screaming. And these guys in ICE, they walk right into those nests, and they're tougher and smarter than MS-13. And MS-13 respects them, because none of you guys want that job.
I don't want that job. Maybe Louie Gohmert will take it. I don't know. But I don't want that job. I don't want that job. But, no, seriously, these are heroes. And they go in and they take them and they throw them into the paddy wagon, then get them the hell out of our country. We've removed thousands, thousands of them.
They came in through the wonderful Obama administration. We removed thousands and thousands of these people. And the towns are liberated. And you see the people, they're clapping from their window. I'm telling you, it's like a war. It's like a war zone. These are great towns, great places, but ICE -- we have to cherish ICE and Border Patrol and law enforcement.
And, yeah, and we're getting the wall finished, because it's a very important element of what we need. Even the Democrats are seeing it. I got a call today, I said, you know, we really do need the wall. When he sees those people pouring up, you've got to have a wall. If you want to secure our borders, support our law enforcement, and stop catch-and-release and all of the other things I just spoke about, go out and vote Republican.
Do it now or do it on November 6th. If you want America to endure as a sovereign, independent nation, go out and vote Republican. And if you want high-paying jobs, rising wages, and a booming economy, then go out and vote Republican. In less than two years' time, we have created over 4.2 million new jobs and lifted over 4 million Americans off of food stamps.
They said that was impossible. We've added 600,000 new manufacturing jobs. Remember the previous administration? I won't be specific, but let's say the head of the previous administration -- does anybody know who I'm talking about? Remember he said, you can't have manufacturing jobs in this country. You'd need a magic wand, remember the famous -- well, I guess we found the magic wand.
The best jobs there are. The best jobs there are. And manufacturing confidence just today hit an all-time high in the history of our country. Economic growth last quarter reached 4.2 percent. Remember, 4.1 percent, then elevated to 4.2 percent. They said that wouldn't happen for years. And we have another great one coming up. And we have an interest rate climate.
We don't have a climate where you had zero interest rates. Give me zero interest rates for a little while, you want to see numbers. But we're being conservative. Hispanic American median household income -- Hispanic Americans -- think of it -- median income reached an all-time high. Hispanic American poverty has reached an all-time low.
And Hispanic American homeownership recently hit its highest rate in much more than a decade. African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment has reached the lowest level ever recorded in our country's history. And women's unemployment just fell to 3.6 percent, the lowest rate in 65 years.
Earlier this month, I announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal with an incredible brand-new US-Mexico-Canada agreement, the USMCA. And that's a great deal. Our farmers are happy. Our manufacturers are happy. You're not going to have companies leaving for other countries. Very important part of the deal.
I said, I don't want our companies moving to other countries, firing all their people, making the product, and then putting it in with no tax and selling it back to our people. Not going to happen. That deal totally takes care of it. Not going to happen. No more. No more. We lost 35 percent of our automobile business in a short period of time.
NAFTA was a disaster. That's why I refuse -- they wanted to call it NAFTA II. I said, I don't want the name NAFTA. It's so shaded with what we did. It's a great deal. Bob Lighthizer, so many people worked so hard on that. We've taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's abusive trade practices.
We've also made a deal with South Korea, the new trade deal, it's a great deal for our farmers, our manufacturers, everybody. We've taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs. Americans should not be forced to subsidize lower drug prices in foreign countries while paying the highest drug prices ever in the history of this world.
We've gone through the process. It's a statutory process. I'm very soon finished with it. Drug prices will soon be plunging. Watch. Secretary Azar, great job. To help critically ill patients get life-saving treatments, we just passed right to try. Do you know what that is? That's a person who's very sick, they're terminally ill, they want hope.
They want to be able and get something. We have the greatest -- the greatest medical people in the world by far. We have the greatest things -- they're looking. They're under research. And what happened is people would be told they're terminally ill. They have a big problem. And if we had a drug or we had treatment that gave great hope, that looked promising, we couldn't even come close to letting them use it. And for 44 years, they've been trying to get this done, where if somebody is really sick, terminally ill, and we have something in the pipeline that looks really good.
We got to let them use it, and that's called right to try, because I know people, they traveled all over the world looking for -- looking for hope. They were looking for hope. And now they sign a simple document and they go out and they get it. And by the way, this we signed three months ago. We have had tremendous results already.
And, you know, one of the other things, John, because John was very much involved and Ted, one of the things it really is, it's the ultimate test if you think about it. It's the ultimate test. But it was very hard to get approved. We got it approved. It's done, right to try. I hope nobody has to use it. I hope nobody has to use it, OK? Stay away.
But you know what, if you're really sick and they have something in the pipeline, that's good. You never had a chance. Now you get it, very routinely. And we obtained $6 billion to fight the opioid epidemic, which is a big problem. And with Ted, I'll tell you, he was incredible. With Ted's help, we repealed the core of Obamacare, the individual mandate penalty that everybody hated.
And it's gone. Everybody hated it. And we passed Veterans Choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor, instead of waiting on line for one month, two months, three months, four months. And having a simple illness corrected, you'd have people that stand in line so long they would have a simple problem, and by the time they got to see a doctor, they were terminally ill.
Terminally ill. So now they have to wait on line. These are our great people. If our veterans have to wait online, they go out and they see a private doctor. We pay the bill. And we get them fixed up. And we also passed for the veterans the V.A. accountability law to ensure that anyone who mistreats our veterans will be accountable.
In other words, Jim, get out of here. You're fired. Get out. You couldn't fire these people. You couldn't get them out. They could be sadists. They could be thieves. They could do whatever they wanted to do. You couldn't fire them. And for our military, we secured $700 billion and $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military.
And we are getting other countries to pay up and pay their fair share for our military protection, including NATO, where I asked to recover billions and billions of dollars. In just two years, I've asked NATO, you've got to pay up. We're protecting -- you got to pay. They weren't paying. Close to $100 billion a year, we got it. That they pay.
We don't pay. They pay. We're protecting them. We're protecting them. And that's great, but they got to pay. At my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force. So important. So important. I'm telling you, right, John? Cornyn will get that through.
See the way people love it. It's so important. It's where it's at. It's really where it's at. To keep America safe from terrorism, we have put in place the travel ban. Remember that? Recently upheld by the United States Supreme Court. Remember that? You'll never get it approved, Mr. President. Let's give it a shot.
We just had it approved by the United States Supreme Court. I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Together, we have made extraordinary progress, but we are just getting started.
If you vote to elect a Republican House and a Republican Senate, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, raise your incomes, help your jobs, take care of your medical problems. We will protect Medicare and Social Security. The Democrats will never be able to do it. We will defend the Second Amendment, and we will continue to confirm great judges who will abide by our laws and our Constitution.
We will fully secure our border. We will pass Kate's law. We will stop sanctuary cities. We will stop visa lottery. We will end chain migration. And we will keep the criminal drug dealers, predators, and terrorists the hell out of our country. We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity.
For years you watched as your leaders apologized for America. They apologized. Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the great state of Texas. But to continue this incredible momentum, to protect your state and your country, you need to elect a Republican House and a Republican Senate.
And you need to vote for Ted Cruz. He's a terrific, great senator. Loyal citizens like you helped to build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people. That's what happened. That was the greatest movement in the history of our country, what's happened.
Look at this as an example. A president would come to Texas and if they had 300 or 400 people in a conference room in a hotel, it would be considered a success. We had over 100,000 people want to come here today. Over a hundred. The greatest movement in the history of our country. And it's your movement much more that it's my movement.
I'm just laying it out. I'm telling it like it is. From Houston to Austin, from Dallas to El Paso, from the Red River to the Rio Grande, this state was settled by some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk the face of the Earth. This is the state where William Travis, James Bowie, and Davy Crockett made their last stand at the Alamo.
This is the state where a small band of patriots at the Battle of Gonzales, armed with a single cannon, stared down a foreign army and declared, "Come and take it." Come and take it, they said. Come and take it. Come on up. Come on up and take it. Come on. Oh, what happened? You didn't want to take it? And Texas is the state where generations of farmers and ranchers and oil workers and pioneers built a life and a home with their own two hands.
They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury, but they all had one thing in common: They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God. These courageous Texas patriots did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy, tear down our history, and destroy our proud American heritage.
For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, and win, and going to keep on winning. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. And we will never back down. We will never surrender.
And we will always fight on to victory. Because we are American, and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Texas. Thank you.
Well, you're going to have to see that. I have reports. And they have a lot of everybody in that group. It's a horrible thing. And it's a lot bigger than 5,000 people. And we got to stop them at the border.
And unfortunately, if you look at the countries, they have not done their job. Unfortunately, they have not done their job.
Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador -- they're paid a lot of money. Every year, we give them foreign aid. And they did nothing for us. Nothing. They did nothing for us.
So we give them tremendous amounts of money. You know what it is; you cover it all the time: hundreds of millions of dollars. They, like a lot of others, do nothing for our country.
I have. I spoke to the Crown Prince. We have people over in Saudi Arabia now. We have top intelligence people in Turkey. And we're going to see what we have. I'll know a lot tomorrow. They'll be coming back either tonight or tomorrow morning. But we have people in Saudi Arabia and people in Turkey.
I think that's a long time. You said they want a month?
That's a long time. There's no reason for that much. Be faster.
We're looking at it. We have a lot of different concepts right now. They have a lot of different things happening with respect to transgender right now. You know that as well as I do. And we're looking at it very seriously.
You know what I'm doing? I'm protecting everybody. I want to protect our country.
Oh, I think he has. I think it's going to be. I think they wanted to see that I'm on his side, and I am, 100 percent. We have -- I mean, you people have been reporting -- over 100,000 people. They lined up two days ago, and it's very exciting.
Oh, I think Ted will be a big factor tonight. He's going to get up; he's going to make a great speech. I'm going to get up; I'm going to make a great speech. I hope -- are most of you going? You're not going. I can't believe it; you're not going to be there tonight. That's terrible.
I think Beto O'Rourke is highly overrated. When I heard about him, I figured he must be something a little special. He's not. I thought he got beaten badly in the debates. I think he's a highly overrated guy.
Oh, I have, yeah. Ted and I get along very well, very late into the campaign. And I said, "Don't worry about it. It's only a question of time." And then it became very nasty, and then it was over. And when it was over, we've gotten along great. No, I like Ted.
If you remember, he was the last one that we really had -- I mean, I went very late into the campaign. We actually held a rally together late into the campaign. I said, it will end -- and it did -- and then it got back.
No, we've very close. We've done great on tax cuts. We've done great on regulation cuts. No, he's been really terrific.
And if you look at what's happening in Germany, with respect to the pipeline, they want to now start buying our natural gas. It just came out. So take a look at that.
To me, he's not "Lyin' Ted" anymore. He's "Beautiful Ted."
He's Texas -- I call him "Texas Ted." No, Ted Cruz and I had a very, very nasty and tough campaign. It was a very competitive -- it was a very tough campaign. Once it ended and we got together -- and, by the way, very late into the campaign we lasted. People were shocked. I said, "Don't worry, it's only a question of time."
And then ultimately, what happened, we fought it out. The outcome was obvious. And we have worked together very closely. I like him a lot. I actually like him a lot. And he's a very smart guy. He loves the people of Texas -- which I do. And, in fact, right now, I guess they said they've never seen it. It's like a big tailgate. It goes on for miles; it's over 100,000 people.
I think Nellie Ohr is a disgrace, and I think her husband is not much better. Maybe he's worse. I think Nellie Ohr is a disgrace, taking marital protection so she doesn't have to talk about corruption. I think she's a disgrace.
Hey, look, I can't tell you. I can only tell you this: We give them hundreds of millions of dollars. They do nothing for us.
You know what? Maybe it will and maybe it won't. But it certainly hasn't affected. They can do a lot better job. If you look at the three countries in particular -- and I don't know what's going on with Mexico. I guess it looks like the people are walking right through the middle of Mexico, so I'm not exactly thrilled there either.
You know what, Jon, I'm going to know very shortly, because I have a great group people in Turkey right now and a great group of people in Saudi Arabia. We will know very soon. We have tremendously talented people that do this stuff very well. They're coming back tonight, tomorrow. And I will know very soon. And I am not satisfied with what I've heard.
Look, Rand has some ideas. I agree with Rand on a lot of things. I don't want to lose all of that investment that's being made in our country. I don't want to lose a million jobs. I don't want to lose a $110 billion in terms of investment. But it's really $450 billion if you include other than military. So that's very important. But we're going to get to the bottom of it.
I'm really looking to make America great again. That's what I do. I'm making America great again. We have been giving so much money to so many different countries for so long, and it's not fair and it's not good. And then we ask them to keep their people in their country, they're unable to do it. It's called "Make America Great Again."
No, we're going to be passing -- no, no. We're putting in a resolution sometime in the next week, or week and a half, two weeks.
We're going to put in -- we're giving a middle-income tax reduction of about 10 percent. We're doing it now for middle-income people. This is not for business; this is for middle. That's on top of the tax decrease that we've already given them.
No. No. No. I'm going through Congress.
We won't have time to do the vote. We'll do the vote later.
We'll do the vote after the election.
I think their tremendous spirt, maybe like I've never seen, other than in 16'. You don't remember 16'; you're too young. I have never seen spirit like the spirit that we have right now, except the week before the race -- the presidential race, two years ago.
I think the Republicans are going to do very nicely. We're doing very well with the Senate. He was just asking about the race. Other than two years ago -- the presidential race -- I have never seen spirit like I see right now. I think the Republicans are going to do very well.
People are tired of high taxes. We gave the tax cuts. We've done so much. And they want a strong military. They want protection. They want safety. They want security. We give that; the Democrats do not give that. The Democrats don't know what they're doing. They don't know what they're giving.
I think we're going to do very, very well in the race.
I don't regret anything, honestly. It all worked out very nicely.
You shouldn't have -- take a look. They want to get out of sanctuary cities. Many places in California want to get out of sanctuary cities.
Yeah, it is rioting in some cases.
Well, I'm going to have to find out. We're going to find out a lot. We're going to find out. We're going to know a lot over the next two days about the Saudi situation. It's a very sad thing.
You know what you should do, Jon? Go into the middle of the caravan, take your cameras, and search. Okay? Search.
No, no. Take your -- Jon, take your camera, go into the middle, and search. You're going to find MS-13, you're going to find Middle Eastern, you're going to find everything. And guess what? We're not allowing them in our country. We want safety. We want safety.
Well, I think it's going to happen. I'm not saying . But I think we're doing really well. I have never seen such spirit, except for maybe '16,  the big election. I have never seen the spirit that we have right now.
I think the Republicans are going to do very well. I have never spirit like we have. Now, whether it's Kavanaugh, whether it's tax cuts that we gave, whether it's common sense -- I've never seen it. But I'll tell you -- I'll tell you a big factor is what's happening on the border. What's happening on the border was caused by the Democrats because they won't let anybody change immigration laws that are horrible. The worst anywhere in the world.
No, they didn't. No. No, they didn't. Not at all. That's all fiction.
We're going to see what happens. And I'm going to know a lot in two days.
I'll see you in Texas. See you in Texas.
Until people come to their senses, we will build it up. Until people come to their senses. Russia has not adhered to the agreement. This should've been done years ago. Until people come to their senses -- we have more money than anybody else, by far. We'll build it up. Until they come to their senses. When they do, then we'll all be smart and we'll all stop. And we'll -- and by the way, not only stop, we'll reduce, which I would love to do. But right now, they have not adhered to the agreement.
It's a threat to whoever you want. And it includes China, and it includes Russia, and it includes anybody else that wants to play that game. You can't do that. You can't play that game on me.
Until people get smart. Until they get smart. They have not adhered to the spirit of that agreement, or to the agreement itself -- Russia. China is not included in the agreement. They should be included in the agreement. Until they get smart, there will be nobody that's going to be even close to us.
I don't have to speak to him. I don't have to speak. I'm terminating the agreement because they violated the agreement. I'm terminating the agreement.
Thank you very much. And hello, Nevada. Hello, Nevada. I'm thrilled to be right here in Elko with you, thousands and thousands of proud, hard-working American patriots. Patriots. In just 17 days, the people of Nevada are going to re-elect Senator Dean Heller to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and to continue making America great again.
That's what we're doing. Early voting starts today, so you got to get out. This is truly an amazing time for our country. The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in more than 50 years. More Americans are working today than at any time in our history. Think of that. More people are working in our country today than at any point in the history of our country.
That's not bad. How do you lose an election with that stat, right? That's a tough one. That's a tough one. Here in Nevada, personal incomes have reached an all-time high. Congratulations. Spend your money well. America now has the hottest economy anywhere in the world. Think of that. We're the number-one economy with the world.
We're the hottest economy in the world. It's amazing. Amazing. Pretty amazing, right? A couple of years ago, we were looked upon as being laggards. They're laggards! I read that word with one of the fake news folks, they wrote the word, we're laggards. Do you notice the good location they got? They're so close.
And look at all those people standing behind, they can't see. I'd rather have it the other way around, frankly. We're taking care of our veterans and our military will soon be more powerful than it ever has been ever, ever, ever before. And under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving, and America is winning, because we are finally putting America first.
Just last week, we achieved another historic victory for the American people. In a beautiful ceremony -- thank you, sir. You know what I say? But he's just not my type.  Thank you. We had a beautiful ceremony in the White House where we proudly swore in the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
He now sits alongside Justice Neil Gorsuch to defend your rights, your Constitution, and your God-given freedom. What the radical Democrats did to Justice Kavanaugh and his beautiful family is a national disgrace. It is. The Democrat Party has become an angry, ruthless, unhinged mob determined to get power by any means necessary.
Your vote in this election will decide which party controls Congress. The choice for every American could not be more clear. And, by the way, I have to thank Dean Heller for helping us with Justice Gorsuch and Justice Kavanaugh. Dean Heller was there. Dean Heller was there right from the beginning. So Democrats produce mobs.
Republicans produce jobs. That's become hashtag. Right? That's called hashtag. That's a new hashtag. That's a hot one. This November, vote for jobs, not mobs. If Nancy Pelosi, crying Chuck Schumer, and the radical Democrats take over Congress, which would be a shame, they will try to plunge our country into a nightmare of gridlock, poverty, and chaos.
And by the way, your 401(k)s? Boom, they will go down like a sinking something. What sinks rapidly? Give me -- a rock. They will go down like a rock. Democrats want to massively raise your taxes, impose socialism on our country. We'll be another Venezuela. They want to take away your health care, destroy your Second Amendment, and I think the people in Nevada are not big on having your Second Amendment taken away.
Not a big point. That's not a good sound bite. How do they win an election? Do we really have an election here? Think of it, they want to take away your Second Amendment, they want to raise your taxes, they want to open your borders, let people in, illegally. And then they want to pay for those people for health care, for education.
They want to give them cars, they want to give them driver's licenses. I said last night, we did a great -- we did a great, great rally in Arizona last night, and I said -- I said last night, what kind of car will they supply them? Will it be a Rolls-Royce? The Democrats want to throw open your borders to deadly drugs and gangs and anybody else that wants to come in. And they really have.
And I say this, and at first I used to say, wow, that's a tough statement, but it's true. Democrats are the party of crime. This will be the election of Kavanaugh, the caravan, law and order, tax cuts, and common sense. We got you those -- those big taxes. Don't forget the big tax cuts. And we're going to get you more.
The Democrat Party has become too extreme and too dangerous to be trusted with the power that they want. I need everyone here today to cast your vote, ideally today. How about raising your right hand? Do you promise you will leave this site, go out, and cast your vote right now? And hopefully you'll vote for Adam Laxalt and hopefully you'll vote for Dean Heller.
Get out there. But you do, you have early voting. And you can go out and do it today. And that way you don't have to wait. And, you know, a big portion of your state does do early voting, which is surprising. Very unusual. But you're a very unusual state, right? So when you leave, we really hope that you can volunteer, give your directions -- we have volunteers all over the place, they'll give you directions.
We have places right down the road. So go out and do what you have to do. We're going to have a big victory. We have to have a big victory. This state is really one of the states that's talked about. This is a great race. It's an exciting race. He's running against wacky Jacky, right? Wacky Jacky. That's what we need, we need a wacky Jacky in Congress, another one.
We're honored to be joined today by your next governor, Adam Laxalt. Where is Adam? Where is Adam? He's around. Come up here, Adam. He's a great guy. I have known Adam for a long time. He's a veteran, he's a patriot, and he's a real leader. But he is a great, great person. Adam, you got to win, Adam.
He's doing really well, but you got to go out and you got to vote. You got to. His opponent is a far-left Democrat, you know that, who wants to massively raise your taxes. He wants to raid your health care. He wants to fund socialism, because that's what it is, and he wants to open your borders, wide open.
Other than that, he's a great guy. So everybody needs to get out and vote, today, ideally, but sometime before the 6th for Adam Laxalt. And everybody also needs to support your great congressman, Mark Amodei. Where is he? Where is he? Thank you, Mark. He is a great guy. And another great guy, who I said stay home, Danny -- stay home, Danny, and just work.
Danny Tarkanian, he is a great guy. So you don't get a chance over here to vote for him, so you know what I said? Don't come, Danny. Just stay in your district. But Danny was really great. He's been great. He's been a great friend of ours for a long time. Danny Tarkanian, going to be a great congressman.
Hopefully he gets over the line, because we need him. Finally, I'm thrilled to introduce a man that I spent a long time getting to know. At first I fought him. I said, this guy's tough. What's the story here? Don't forget, I haven't been doing this long, right? You know, some of these guys, the senator came into my office, all right, Politician, and he said how he's had tremendous victory at the ballot booth.
He was trying to convince me to do something. This isn't Dean, somebody else. He said I've been in seven races and, sir, I won five of them. And I said, yeah, I've been in one race and I've won one. And it was the presidency. And it was the presidency. It was the presidency. And we'll have one more race, let's win that one, and I'll say I'm two for two and let somebody have fun.
Then somebody else will have some fun, right? But I got to know Dean very well. And I'll tell you, once we understood each other -- and he's a tough guy and he's a smart guy and he loves this state a lot -- once we really got to know each other and understand, there's no better partner that I had in Washington than Dean Heller.
And he's a fantastic guy with an incredible family, wife, who I just -- we just flew in together. But when it came to tax cuts, there was nobody tougher, there was nobody smarter. When it came to all of the things we're doing, including what we're doing, we got rid of the individual mandate, which is the worst, most unpopular thing from Obamacare.
We actually had Obamacare totally repealed and replaced, we couldn't get one Democrat vote, not one. And we repealed. But now, if you notice, your premiums are way, way down. Nobody thought that was possible. And it's been very much dismantled, but it will be ultimately totally dismantled. We had it done, we were a little disappointed in one vote.
But we were also disappointed that we didn't get one Democrat vote in the Senate. But a man that -- you're right, what do you expect? The one thing they're good at -- I'll tell you what, they're lousy politicians, they have horrible policy. Think of this -- you're running for office and your policy is raise taxes and open borders and crime.
Because basically it's crime. How do you win an election? How do you do it? So the -- the one thing they do, they obstruct. And, you know, their whole campaign, you know what they say? Resist. See, ours is called make America great again. Right? Very soon, we keep going like we're going, sooner than we thought, it's going to be keep America great.
That'll be for the second four years. Keep America great. And you know what theirs is? Theirs is resist. Resist. What do you think of that? Resist. How do you figure that, resist? Isn't that an inspiring -- we are going to resist. What are you going to resist? Anything, anything. But I want to introduce a man that really has done a fantastic job.
I'll tell you, it's true. Once he started -- once we were on the same page, and we are now always on the same page, he has been as strong and tough and smart as anybody in Washington. We got to send him back. We need him badly, Senator Dean Heller.
Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Heller. Thank you very much. Thank you, Senator. And by the way, they did debate last night, and I may be a little bit partial, he really beat her badly. That I will say. He beat her very badly. And, you know, the other thing they don't tell you about wacky Jacky, but I know, because I see where her money is all coming from, like, Los Angeles and New York.
It's not coming from here. It's coming from New York and Los Angeles. She's not getting the money from here. He gets his money from here. He gets his drive and his energy from here, also. So Dean delivers. And every single day, he delivers for our workers and our families, our veterans, our miners. He's delivering.
Our miners, we love the miners. Look at that. Whoa. That's a lot of miners. We love our miners. Dean worked tirelessly to pass V.A. choice, V.A. accountability. You know, 44 years they've been trying to pass these things, choice, so that a veteran is sick, he gets on line, he's got to wait forever. He's got to wait forever, days, weeks, months.
And we just passed -- after 44 years, we just got it passed, I signed it two months ago, Veterans Choice, so that if they have to wait on line for 12 days or 14 days or 32 days, or much longer than that -- can you believe it? People are sick, but not bad. By the time they see the doctor, they're terminally ill.
OK, it could have been solved. They go immediately to see a doctor privately. We pay for their bill. They're fixed. Frankly, it's not what I'm doing it for. We save money, if you can believe this. It's good. We go right to a private doctor. If they have a long wait, they go right to a private doctor. And 44 years, they couldn't get that one passed.
And, you know, V.A. accountability, because, frankly, of the unions and because of civil service, 46 years, V.A. accountability. They treat our veterans badly, you can't do anything. They're sadistic! We had that, too. I'll tell you what, they wouldn't have been sadistic when that veteran was A-OK, because they wouldn't have had a shot at it, right?
Not when the veteran was OK. But they took advantage. And they had a lot of things they did wrong. You couldn't do a thing. You couldn't -- they could steal. They could cheat. They could actually be sadistic, horrible to our veterans. And now we just look at them and we say, get your ass out of here, you're fired.
Forty-four years, so we're pretty good at getting things approved. We're pretty good at getting things approved. You know, in the V.A. choice, I thought it was like a genius thing I thought up, because I heard they were waiting so long, months sometimes to see a doctor, and waiting on line. Can you imagine?
Even if you have something minor, that -- a pill, a prescription, something easy could do. And, by the way, drug prices are going to be coming down. You see that already. But I thought it was so brilliant, I came back to my group, I said, I got the greatest idea, because I haven't been doing this that long, so, you know, it wasn't like high on my list, but it became high.
I did know the veterans were never treated fairly. But I said, I have the greatest idea. We're going to do this. If a veteran has to wait, we're going to send them to a private doctor. We'll pay the bill. What a genius -- I said, I said, how good is that? They said, sir, we've been trying to get it passed for 44 years.
So I was good at getting things passed. That's what I did. A vote for wacky Jacky is a vote to hand control of Congress to Nancy Pelosi... crying Chuck Schumer, and, of course, the legendary Maxine Waters. A low IQ individual. Jacky votes against the people of Nevada every chance she gets. She voted no on tax cuts, no on better health care, no on border security, and Jacky voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities.
I don't think we like sanctuary cities up here. By the way, a lot of people in California don't want them, either. They're rioting now. They want to get out of their sanctuary cities. You know, there's a big turn being made, folks. A lot of these sanctuary cities you've been hearing about in California and other places, but California, they want to get out, they're demanding they be released from sanctuary cities.
Jacky also joined the Democrat assault on Justice Brett Kavanaugh. And don't forget that when you vote. That's why I want you to vote today, because you definitely don't forgot. But don't forget. And we stuck with Justice Kavanaugh, because he was the right man. Top of his class at Yale, Yale Law School.
Never had a problem until he was attacked by these vicious people that knew what they were doing was wrong. And we did the right thing. If you want to stop the radical Democrat mob from taking control of Congress, then you need to go out today ideally and vote for Dean Heller and Adam Laxalt and others that you like, but you got to get them in. Danny Tarkanian, get Danny in. Danny deserves to be in. Democrats in Congress have already signed up for a socialist takeover of health care that would eliminate the private insurance of 1.6 million people from Nevada.
The Democrats want America to become -- it's not even that they want it, but that's what's going to happen -- Venezuela. Venezuela. How does that sound? You like Venezuela? That's a wonderful place. Not doing too well, folks. The Democrat plan would destroy Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage for almost 200,000 Nevada seniors who depend on it. Democrats plan to kill Medicare Advantage and, really, it's especially unfair to Hispanic Americans.
Do we have many Hispanic Americans here? Eh. Not the most. We've done better. Not the most. I'd give it 5 percent. That's ok. But I just left a place, it was 45 percent. But they're happy in every other way, because you know what? Lowest unemployment numbers they've ever had. One out of every two Hispanic seniors is enrolled in Medicare Advantage.
Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it and they've paid for it. They've actually -- you know, they have paid for it. And Republicans will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. And the senator, as much as anybody, the senator is going to do that, he's been doing that.
The new platform of the Democrat Party is radical socialism and open borders, which leads to crime, tremendous crime. As we speak, the Democrat Party -- you know, I used to -- everybody used to call it the Democratic Party. That's not the name. And it reads so much nicer. It sounds better.  They ought to actually -- I'll give them a little hint.
They should change their name to the Democratic Party. But I call it the Democrat Party, because that's what it is. It's called the Democrat Party. I watch where they're saying the Democratic Party. Usually, in many -- in many cases, those are people that want to make it look as good as possible. But it is, it's the Democrat Party, which doesn't read well.
The other reads better. But we're going to call it the Democrat Party. And it's openly inviting millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and overwhelm our nation. The Democrats want caravans. They like the caravans. A lot of people say, I wonder who started that caravan? I want to thank Mexico.
Mexico has been so incredible. Thank you, Mexico. And the leaders of Mexico, thank you. And do you know why? Because now Mexico respects the leadership of the United States. They haven't done that. They now respect our leadership. Thank you, Mexico, great. We appreciate it. We do. But what they want is -- and by the way, the wall, the people who scream -- so we started the wall.
It's moving along. I want to build it rapidly. I can do it in a year. We did $1.6 billion, $1.6 billion. We have another $1.6 billion -- sounds like a lot of money. When you're going for almost a thousand miles, it's not that much. But the wall is moving. I want to do it in one year. I want them to approve the wall.
The Democrats don't care about what their extremist immigration agenda will do to your communities, to your hospitals, what about your hospitals? And to your schools. The Democrats don't care that a flood of illegal immigration will bankrupt our country. You saw the site. Did anybody see that bridge over the weekend?
Did you see the bridge yesterday, today? I mean, is that an incredible situation? It's sad. And it's sad -- honestly, it's sad from both sides. It's sad from their side, also. We're going to figure it out. I'll be honest with you, I have already figured it out. You're going to be happy. We're going to make a lot of people happy.
We're going to make a lot of people happy. I think I'll keep it a little bit low key until the election. I like where we stand in the election. You know, I think that blue wave is being rapidly shattered. You know, all the Democrats want is power, and they got this blue wave deal going. Not looking like a blue wave.
I think Dean Heller is going to win here. I think Martha McSally, she was great last night. She's going to win. She's going to win. I think -- I just visited the great state of big sky. You know what big sky is? Just left. And I'll tell you that, they're going to win. They're going to win in Montana. We're going to win all over.
I think we're going to win in Indiana. I think we're going to win Josh. I think we're going to win in Missouri. I think Rick Scott is going to win in the great state of Florida. You're going to have a great governor in Florida. You know who our governor is, right? He's going to be, right? You know who I'm talking about.
He's going to be fantastic in Florida. We have a lot of -- big Ron. We call him Ron. Harvard, Yale, smart. Ron DeSantis, he's going to be a great governor of Florida, just like Adam, Adam Laxalt is going to be a great governor for you. You need it. You need it. And, you know, you really do. You need people that can work with Washington, because you take a lot out of Washington.
And you need people that we look forward to working with, not people that we have no respect for. This is why Democrats on the border have such bad concepts, catch and release. Do you know what that is? They catch, they get them, and then they say, oh, goodbye, release them. And do you know what happens to that person?
He gets released into our country, into our society. That's why Democrats want to give illegal aliens free welfare and free health care. That's why Democrats want to give illegal immigrants the right to vote. I'll tell you, we'll go down fighting for that one. Can you imagine? People -- you know, the vote was always so sacred.
Now you see these things where they want the right to vote. They want the right to vote. There's one town in California were they want to take over the -- illegal immigrants want to take over the control of the board that runs the town, all illegal immigrants. And, you know, you would think they're kidding.
Seriously, would you even believe this? And they are serious. And I know some people, and they're serious people, they're smart people, where -- what happened to them? What's going on? And that's why Democrats, they want to abolish ICE. Think about that one. So ICE, these are great patriots, great people, great law enforcement.
They're tough. They have to be tough. You see what they're dealing with? I'm not going to send you or you -- I'm not going to send you -- they have to be -- yeah, I'll send you. I might send you. I might send her.  They saw you. I won't tell you what they're thinking if they saw you.  I think if they saw you, they'd be happy, very, very happy.
But these are people that are tough people we're dealing with. These aren't -- I got criticized for using the word babies. One of the newscasts said, he used the word babies. I was trying to figure, is that politically incorrect? I said these aren't babies, right? These are tough people. And all of a sudden, why did he use the term babies?
I said don't tell me that's politically incorrect, too. Last night, last night, in Arizona, we had -- you never saw so many people. I said, I want to thank the great men that are here and I want to thank the beautiful women, everyone beautiful, everyone. And I said, ah, I better apologize, because if I don't -- for calling you all beautiful, because if I don't apologize, they will go wild tomorrow.
Headlines, Donald Trump called women beautiful. They're all saying, "Please call me beautiful." It is a crazy phenomenon that's going on. But you know what, women? You are beautiful. To me, you're beautiful. Every one of you is beautiful. Every one. Tomorrow, headlines, Trump in Nevada was terrible what he said.
No, I'm telling you, these people have lost their way. They've gone loco. Headed by the crowd of fake news back there, I will say. I'll tell you, honestly, the single greatest ally that the Democrats have is the fake news media, because without that, these crazy ideas -- I can't believe they'd go anywhere.
You know, if I had the media on my side and with what we've accomplished, because nobody has done more than all of us, nobody has done more in the first two years, and we're not even at two years yet. But nobody has done anything close. If they were on my side, instead of always -- everything is -- they'll take a big victory try and make it into a loss.
They're very dishonest people. If they were on my side, I think I'd be at 100 percent right now. You know, 100 -- I really believe it. They'd have breaking news, President Trump, his approval rating has just hit 100 percent, 100 percent. Lot of truth. I mean, look at the economy. Look at North Korea. We were going to war with North Korea.
It was going to be -- now look at it. It's going to be fine. Going to be fine. Take your time. Going to be fine. No missiles shot. We got our hostages back. Hey, look at Pastor Brunson. Look at Pastor Brunson. We got Pastor Brunson back. We got 20 back since I'm there. And, you know -- I won't go into it. But we got him back the right way.
We got him back the right way. Pastor Brunson just came back. It was such a beautiful -- he was with his family, the most beautiful children, great wife, everything. And it was a beautiful thing. We got Pastor Brunson back. He was -- he was taken during the Obama administration years, and they never came close.
And I said, yeah, got to have him back. Got to have him back. I'm sorry. We've got to have him back. We got him back. He's home. He's home. Nice man. The casualties in the Democrats' open borders crusade are really a lot. Far more than anybody would know, of innocent American families and lives. Democrat immigration policies allow poisonous drugs and MS-13 killers to pour into our country.
These are not people that you don't want to have ICE around. ICE goes into these nests, you know, they're nests, MS-13. I call them a nest. They go into the nest like ho-hum, it's a day in the office. You understand. Because I'm telling you, you guys, even the tough guys here, you don't want to do it. You don't want to do it. She's done it, she said.
 If you did it, you didn't do it by choice. Ah, she said, no, I didn't. What's this story all about? I want to find out about this story. Come on up here -- no, I'm kidding. And the Democrats sanctuary cities release -- and this is what happens, they release violent predators out of jail and straight into your communities, and then they're protected.
These are protected people. A Democrat victory in November would be a bright, flashing invitation to every human trafficker, drug trafficker -- think of it. But think of it. Human trafficking is the highest it's ever been in the history of this world. Can you -- because of the Internet. You know, you wouldn't think human trafficking, they steal people, they traffic people.
And that is a massive business because of the Internet, the computers, wonderful computer age, right? Maybe it was better the other way, right? Maybe. But then you wouldn't have @RealDonaldTrump. That wouldn't be so good, right? But -- but think of it. Human trafficking is worse than it's ever been, OK, worse than it's ever been, and you would think that would be impossible.
Who would even think about this? But drug trafficking, drug dealing, illegal aliens all over the planet, and we are stopping it. A Republican victory will send the message that America will enforce our borders and defend our citizens. That's what we want. This is your choice in November. Can you believe it's almost two years?
Can you believe that? Remember that beautiful November 8th? Don't get that confused -- don't get that confused with November 6th. I'll just mention it one more time, November 8th, was that a great, great day? That was the greatest political movement in the history of our country, maybe anywhere. And they never questioned me on that.
You know they want to. Because, you know, they'd say -- I'd like to give him a Pinocchio, four Pinocchios. They never question me on that. Look, watch. Was that the greatest single political movement in the history of our country? Peter? Peter, yes, Peter Doocy. The great Peter Doocy. There is no doubt who his father is. Look at him.
Peter's -- here, was this the greatest political movement in history? Don't answer it  All right, good to have you all. We're having a good time. Democrats believe illegal border crossers should be set free immediately. Republicans believe illegal border crossers have to be brought back home immediately.
Democrats believe our country should be a sanctuary for criminal aliens. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans. Democrats believe American taxpayers should provide free welfare to illegals. Republicans believe welfare should be protected for truly needy Americans.
If you want to save your country, if you want to protect your family, if you want to defend America's laws, borders, sovereign, and even your dignity, then you have to go out today and vote. You got to go out and vote. Now, if you're thinking about voting Democrat, don't go out today and vote. Don't go. I would say there may be -- for the media -- no Democrats in this audience.
Would you say? Is there anybody here that wants to vote Democrat? Seriously? A lot of people. Now, the press never shows how many people, you know? They show, like, my face. And they never leave. And I'll say to my wife, Melania, is she doing a great job as first lady? I will say to my wife, honey, you should have seen the crowd, it was unbelievable.
I mean, we had in Missouri 45,000 people that couldn't get into a 10,000-seat arena because it was packed. And I said, did they show the crowd? No. All they do is they keep it right here. They never move it around. I wish you'd move the cameras around. Just move it around. And this is Elko, pretty amazing.
Amazing. Pretty amazing. And by the way, Joe Biden is in Las Vegas. Joe. Sleepy Joe Biden. We call him 1 percent Joe because he ran at least twice, I think three times, they say twice, I think he ran three times, and he never had more than 1 percent. So we call him 1 percent Joe. And then, oh, remember what happened?
And then Obama came along and took him off of the trash heap and made him vice president. But he never had more than 1 percent, so we call him either sleepy Joe Biden or 1 percent. Which is better? Sleepy Joe? Sleepy Joe. Oh, no, she said creepy Joe. Not creepy. Creepy. She said creepy Joe. I -- no, I would never do that.
I would never insult him like that. She said she's only kidding. I would never insult. But listen to this. So we have a lot of people. And we have 6,000, 7,000 people over here that couldn't get in. And here's the thing. Here's the thing. Biden, they just said the count, 193 people showed up. And we love Elko, but in all fairness, it is easier to draw a crowd in Las Vegas.
Do we agree? We want to be here, but it is, right? Yeah, he had 193 people. And he was thrilled. That's one of the biggest crowds he's ever had.  This election is also about prosperity. In less than two years, we have created over 4.2 million new jobs and lifted over 4 million Americans off of food stamps.
Hispanic American household income has reached an all-time high. Hispanic American poverty has reached an all-time historic low. Hispanic American unemployment has reached its lowest rate ever recorded in history. African American and Asian American unemployment have reached their lowest rates ever recorded in history.
And women's unemployment just fell to 3.6 percent, which is still the same best number in 65 years. I can't get rid of that number. I can't get rid of that number. I wanted to be in history, and I can't -- I'm sorry, women, I apologize. Women have the best number in 65 years. And I have to apologize, because African American and Hispanic and Asian, it's history.
Women, it's only at 65 years. You know what? Remember they used to say two years ago, he'll never get the women's vote. I got the women's vote. I got the women's vote. And look at all the women signs, Peter! Look at all those signs, Peter! Look, women for Trump. I'll tell you what, I think women like me more now than they did two years ago.
I... Because they want safety, they want security, they want their husband and themselves to have great 401(k)s, right? Remember, you're going to pay a big price if you vote for somebody else, because what's going to happen, it's going to be cut down big, remember I told you. You're going to say, what the hell is happening to our 401(k) as it does a big nosedive?
And I'm talking 50 percent, 60 percent, 70 percent. Those are the numbers we're talking about, OK? Because when I took over, this place was heading south. If we didn't free up the regulations that were strangling our country, if we didn't do the tax cuts -- and I think maybe the regulations are the most important -- people don't see it -- but we opened up hundreds of thousands of jobs right away.
The only reason to vote Democrat is if you are tired of winning. Every day we are living by our motto, promises made, promises kept. Right? It's even better than that. Earlier this month, I announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal with the incredible brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement.
The USMCA is a tremendous victory for Nevada farmers and ranchers, and for all farmers and ranchers, and everybody, for manufacturers. It's fantastic. And I'll tell you what, again, Mexico is treating us differently. They're treating us with respect. And part of that is the relationship we developed with Mexico and with Canada in making this deal.
NAFTA was a disaster. Millions and millions of jobs were lost to NAFTA. And to this day, that thing should have been terminated two weeks after it signed. It was. It was obsolete, and they made mistakes, and they never even corrected the mistakes. We lived with them for 25 years. So we've taken the toughest-ever action to crack down on China's abusive trade practices.
We're doing very well. As Republicans passed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. We have taken -- and that's Dean Heller was right at the front. We have taken bold action to reduce the price of prescription drugs. We have launched a historic effort to combat the opioid -- where I know you have a big problem here -- the opioid epidemic, signing the largest bill focused on fighting opioid addiction, and fighting the spread of opioid all over this country.
Largest in American history. Last year, we had $6 billion in our budget. By the way, is that sun hot or what? Man. I'm saying it. This wasn't part of the game. I'll -- I'll end up with a nice tan, that's OK. We secured $700 billion and $716 billion for our military. Our military will soon be the strongest it has ever been in the history of our country.
And we gave our warriors the largest pay raise in almost a decade, our warriors, our military. And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch, and Dean is helping, but it's been very popular, I may even get Democrat votes, can you believe that? Sixth branch, because this is where it's at. The American armed forces sixth branch is called the Space Force.
Space Force! I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. It was a catastrophe. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Together we have made extraordinary progress, but we are just getting started. We have to get some more Republican votes.
You know, they always say we have the majority. Our majority is like this. I say, if somebody has a cold and they can't come in, we lose the majority, so we have to wait until they get better. We need more Republicans in D.C. If you vote to elect a Republican House and a Republican Senate, we will continue to cut your taxes, to cut regulations, and to raise your incomes, like we've been doing.
Your incomes have gone way up. We will protect Medicare and we will protect your Social Security. And remember, when I was on that stage, I was the only one that said I'm going to protect your Social Security, and I have. And you've heard a lot of talk from a lot of people about Social Security. You never heard it from Donald J. Trump.
Because the Democrats will end up destroying them both, Medicare, Social Security. We will defend the Second Amendment. And there is a tremendous amount of pressure being put right now on your Second Amendment. We will defend it. You don't have to worry about that. Protect your right to free speech and religious liberty.
And we will continue to confirm judges who will interpret the Constitution as written. We will fully secure the border. We will pass Kate's law. We will stop sanctuary cities. We will stop catch and release, and the visa lottery catastrophe, and the chain migration catastrophe. And we will keep the drug dealers the hell out of our country.
We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. For years you watched as your leaders apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for you and for America.  We are standing up for your values.
We are standing up for Nevada. And we are proudly standing up for our national anthem. But to continue this incredible momentum to protect your state and your country, you need to vote Republican. You have to do it. Go out today and vote, Dean Heller, Adam Laxalt, go out and vote. A vote for Republicans is a vote for more jobs, for more wealth, for more products made right here.
Remember the old days, made in the USA? That's happening again. Made in the USA. It's a vote to respect our laws and respect the heroes of law enforcement. Thank you, law enforcement. Thank you. And a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democrat politics of hatred, anger, and division, and to celebrate the greatness and the glory of being American.
Loyal citizens like you helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people. And when you see me tomorrow, and you'll say, oh, isn't that so bad, look, he's so sunburned? Just remember, Elko, you did it to me. You did it. It's you. The great state -- and this is really a great state -- was settled by tough pioneer men and strong pioneer women.
And I'll add: Strong and beautiful pioneer women. And I'll also add: Who are tougher than the men, actually. Who took the risks and defied the dangers to build a life, a home, and to build a dream. You didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury, but they all had one thing in common. They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God.
These courageous Nevada patriots did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others erase the legacy and destroy our proud American heritage. That's what they're doing. They want to destroy our American heritage. For the sake of our freedom, for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win.
Very simple. We're going to keep winning, too, win. Nothing like winning, folks. Nothing like winning. We will not bend, we will not break, we will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, we will never surrender, and we will always go on to victory. Because we are Americans. And our hearts bleed red, white, and blue.
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together we will be so proud. We will be so proud. How proud are we? Are we proud? You know, America is respected again. I was at the United Nations and the leaders of the countries were coming up to me, countries that couldn't have cared less, and they're saying, I must tell you, Mr. President, America is respected again.
So we're going to go on. And we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you, Elko.
 We had a great time in Nevada. It was really terrific. We had a very special couple of hours. I think we're going to have a big success with Dean Heller and with Adam Laxalt. Really a good time. Any questions? Yeah?
I'll be speaking to him. Soon, very soon. Could be today, but I will be speaking to him. A lot of progress is being made. We'll have an answer probably Tuesday or so.
It may. And I'm gonna work also with the Senate, with the House. We'll be working with Congress because, you know, they're very involved and I wanted to keep them involved, much as I did with Justice Kavanaugh. I wanted to keep them involved. I think it's important.
No we don't. Nobody seems to know. Somebody knows. But, nobody of the various investigation groups at this moment know. But we'll find out.
It's a concern. We'd like to find out where it is, and what happened, and I think we're -- we're inching our way there.
No we haven't. Mike Pompeo has not. Secretary of State. Somebody came out with a false report. I think it was ABC. It was totally false. He has not seen that, has not heard that, and I would tell you if he had. So far we've heard about it, but nobody's seen it.
We have not gotten the transcript either. We've heard all about it. We're hearing about it just like you're hearing about it, probably from the same people. We have not seen it yet.
It's possible. You don't know that, but it's possible. We've had a -- a tremendously positive development with Mexico. I just want to say, on behalf of the American public, that we appreciate what Mexico is doing. They've really stepped up, and it will not be forgotten.
We just signed our new trade deal with Mexico, with Canada, the USMCA, and now I'm very happy that we signed it. I -- I really appreciate, and they've had some people that were very badly injured, six people at least. And we really appreciate what Mexico has done on the border. We appreciate it.
First time this has ever happened, and hopefully it's because they respect the leader of the United States, but they have never done that before, and I will tell you that I appreciate what Mexico has done.
No, I'm not satisfied until we find the answer. But it was a big first step. It was a good first step. But I want to get to the answer. With all that being said though, we have $450 billion, 110 billion of which is a military order, but this is equipment and various things ordered from Saudi Arabia, $450 billion. I think it's over a million jobs. That's not helpful for us to cancel an order like that. That hurts us far more than it hurts them.
For the military equipment they go to China, they go to Russia, and they don't have great equipment like we do. Nobody does. But they can buy their equipment from other people. So that wouldn't hurt us far more than it would hurt them. But there are other things that can be done including sanctions.
So if it doesn't work out, on the border, what I want the Democrats to do -- the beautiful thing of what's happening is the Democrats are watching on television, in this case, probably better than reading it, because you visually see what -- and in one hour I could have an agreement done that would solve all of the things that you're watching, that are so vicious and violent, where soldiers from Mexico are being injured, badly, by these -- by people. And I could solve this in one hour with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, but they don't want to, but I think now they do, because I think it's a terrible political ploy for Democrats.
I would call in the military, and I would seal off the border. I would close up the border. If that happens, and if that continues to move forward, the caravan we're talking about, which is I think a man-made caravan, if you want to know the truth. I think some bad people started that caravan.
More importantly, or maybe almost as importantly, you have some very, very bad people in the caravan. You have some very tough criminal elements within the caravan. But I will seal off the border before they come into this country, and I'll bring out our military, not our reserves. I'll bring out our military.
Now look, Biden is a man that he -- number one, he can't draw a crowd. He had almost no -- you see what we have. And we have thousands of people that couldn't get into today, many thousands. Now look, I wish Biden the best. You know, I hope he's going to be the nominee.
I mean -- one percent Joe. I -- I just hope they pick somebody good, somebody that is going to represent their interests. If it's Biden or Elizabeth Warren, I think she's been very badly damaged by what happened over the last couple of days, or a man that ran Newark, New Jersey into the ground. A lot of people, but I don't see it yet but we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. Anything else?
I don't hear, you gotta talk louder.
Yeah, Russia has violated the agreement. They've been violating it for many years, and I don't know why President Obama didn't negotiate or pull out. And we're not going to let them violate a nuclear agreement, and go out and do weapons and we're not allowed to.
We're the ones that have stayed in the agreement, and we've honored the agreement, but Russia has not unfortunately, honored the agreement. So we're going to terminate the agreement. We're going to pull out.
No, we'll have somebody great. Nikki's a friend of mine, she's gonna work in the campaign. But she's been doing it for a long time, and we're going to pick somebody very quickly.
I'm going to pick the best person. I think it would be good. I think she's done an excellent job, great job. And I would -- I would love to see -- and I'll tell you, I'm interviewing three women and two men. We have five people: three women, two men. I think I might prefer that, but we'll see. Okay?
In what? With respect to what?
We're looking at putting in a very major tax cut for middle-income people. And if we do that it will be sometime just prior, I would say, to November.
A major tax cut. We are going to be putting in, and are studying very deeply right down, round the clock, a major tax cut for middle-income people. Not for business at all, for middle income people. Now, the last was for middle income and for business, and our business is now coming back because of it.
But we are looking at -- Kevin Brady is working on it. Paul Ryan is working -- we're all working on it, and we're looking at a major tax cut for middle income people who need it.
And I would say sometime around the first of November, maybe a little before that.
We'll have to develop those weapons, unless Russia comes to us and China comes to us and they all come to us and they say, let's really get smart, and let's none of us develop those weapons. But if Russia is doing it, and if China is doing it, and we're adhering to the agreement, that's unacceptable.
So, we have a tremendous amount of money to play with on the military, 700 billion plus, 716 billion. So Russia has not adhered to the agreement. So we are going to terminate the agreement, and we are going to develop the weapons. If they get smart, and if others get smart, and they say let's not develop these horrible nuclear weapons, I would be extremely happy with that.
But as long as somebody is violating that agreement, then we're not going to be the only one to adhere to it. I think you understand. Okay? We'll see you on the plane. Thank you. Thank you everybody.
Hello, Arizona. We love being in Arizona. We've been here all day and all night. It is great to be in the great state of Arizona, with thousands of hard-working and beautiful American patriots. Thank you very much. In just 18 days, the people of Arizona are going to send Martha McSally, a great woman -- I will tell you, I know her well -- she's a great woman -- to the United States Senate to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and continue making America great again.
And, remember, early voting in Arizona is underway right now. So if anybody would like to leave and go out and vote, I don't mind at all.  I see all those beautiful red hats and some white ones, right? And some white ones. The white ones are very nice. They're getting swamped by the red. Make America great again, you know that.
But what's the new name? Right? What's the new -- go ahead. In about -- what do you think, another 12 months, we could almost do it sooner, right? What does it say? Keep America great. Keep America great. Right? Keep America great. We got to get used to that, because there's something about that make America great again.
It's just worked. But keep America great is very important, because it's true, because everything we do they can destroy very quickly if the wrong people get into office. And this is an incredible time for our nation. The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in over 50 years. More Americans are working today than at any point in the history of our country.
Think of it. It's a big number. That's a big stat. Think of that. Today, more Americans -- think of that -- more Americans are working than ever in the history of our country, today, right now. Nice. Nice. And here in Arizona, manufacturing jobs are surging at the fastest rate in more than two decades. Remember you weren't going to have any manufacturing jobs anymore, right?
I said, you mean we're not going to make things anymore? Six hundred thousand new manufacturing jobs. We're taking care of our veterans. And our military. We'll soon be more powerful than it has ever been before. Under Republican leadership, America is booming. America is thriving. And America is winning, because we are finally putting America first.
Just last week, we achieved another historic victory for the American people. In a beautiful ceremony at the White House, we proudly swore in the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. They treated him badly. They treated him badly. What the radical Democrats did to Justice Kavanaugh and his wonderful family... is a national disgrace.
And don't forget it on November 6th. Don't forget it. Don't forget it. The Democrats have become an angry, unhinged mob determined to get power by any means necessary. Your vote in this election will decide which party controls Congress. And I will tell you, they're all talking about Arizona. And they're talking about Martha McSally.
They're all talking about Arizona. The choice for every American could not be more clear than it is right now. Democrats produce mobs. Republicans produce jobs.  So this November, when you're voting, vote for the jobs, not for the mobs. Just do it. Just do it. You know, it's all very fragile.
It can end very quickly. Even Supreme Court, we picked two, Kavanaugh and Gorsuch. Two. Many presidents never pick any. They never get that great opportunity. They say it's the most important decision you can make. I would say war and peace is the most, but I would say it's second. But it's a great honor to have picked two great people.
And you know what? We can pick others before it's over and before even the first term, although we'll have eight years instead of four years, based on everything I see. Based on the competition that we see, you know, we can no longer say Pocahontas, because she has no Indian blood. We can no longer call her Pocahontas.
I don't know what I'm going to do. We'll have to come up with another name for her. Elizabeth Warren, a very boring name, we're going to have to come up with another name. I can't use the word Pocahontas anymore.  There's no Indian blood! I always said, I have more Indian blood than she has and I have none.
I have none. That is more than true. I don't know. We'll have to come up with another name. If Nancy Pelosi... or cryin' Chuck Schumer and the radical Democrats take control of Congress on November 6th, they will try to plunge our country into a nightmare of gridlock, poverty, and chaos. You know that.
It's going to be a mess. Democrats want to raise your taxes, impose socialism on our country, turn us into a Venezuela... Turn us into another Venezuela, take away your health care, destroy your Second Amendment, and Democrats want to throw your borders wide open to deadly drugs and ruthless gangs. Come on in, everybody.
Come on in. Come on in, everybody. We are. The wall is under construction. We're building the wall, $1.6 billion, another $1.6 billion, another $1.6 billion. I want to build it all at one time. We can do it in one year. And you see what's happening. Right now, as you know, Mexico is on their southern border.
Their southern border. And they're fighting, and they're fighting some bad people in that group. You know, you see the people come up, and you listen to the fake news back there, and you think they're all... You think they're all wonderful people. Right? No, no, you think -- I'm serious. You think they're all wonderful people.
You got some bad people in those groups. You got some tough people in those groups. And I'll tell you what, this country doesn't want them. OK? We don't want them. Democrats have become the party of crime. It will be the election of Kavanaugh, the caravan, law and order, tax cuts. We forget about tax cuts all the time.
And common sense. But we forget about tax cuts. We gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. And I tell friends of mine that are running for office, we've got to stop bringing up tax cuts. It's almost like, eh -- we just did it. And we also got rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular thing, where you have the privilege of paying a fortune for having a second privilege of getting bad health care also for a fortune.
No, that's no good. We got rid of the individual mandate. You know another thing we did for -- I like a lot of people in Arizona, small businesses, farmers. You don't have estate tax. No more estate tax. So if you love your children -- which is a question -- you may not like 'em, in which case don't listen to me -- if you don't like 'em, don't leave them the farm.
But if you love 'em, you'll love Trump, because you don't have to pay estate tax, OK? That's a big thing. There are so many things, we don't have time to talk about 'em. We've got a lot for you. The -- I love you, too. Thank you. Thank you. I love you, too. The Democrat Party has become too extreme and too dangerous to be trusted with power.
If you want to drain the swamp, you must defeat the Democrats. You have to do it. So voting has already begun in Arizona. Many of you already have your ballots, return them today, return them tomorrow. Go ahead. Get them in. Vote early. It's already. But you have to vote on November 6th. And, by the way, the early voting shows that Martha is pretty much ahead.
We're way ahead of where we're  Don't get complacent. Remember this. For whatever reason, the party that wins the presidency almost always loses in the midterm. I don't know what that's all about. No, they get complacent. Not here, right? So here's the difference we have. We probably have the greatest economy in the history of our country.
That's right, so why would you -- why would we lose? And just don't be complacent, OK? Don't be. And then what happens, you go on -- and what happens often -- so they lose the midterm and then they go on to crush in 2020 in the next presidential. I want to win this and then I'll win that. Tonight we're thrilled to be joined by several really terrific Arizona Republicans, including Representatives Debbie Lesko -- Debbie?
Where's Debbie? Where is she? Debbie did a good job. Debbie was very tough. She did a good job. Thank you, Debbie. Great job, Debbie. A man who has been in there and he has been fighting for me day in and day out. He's a winner. He loves this state. He loves this country. I watched him this morning. I heard him.
I heard he was on. So I wanted to turn on and I wanted to watch Congressman Andy Biggs, and he did a great job. Andy? Thank you, Andy. Great job. And a man that we all love, and he's solid, and he helped us with health care and he helped with every single aspect of what we're doing, tax cuts, borders, he's tough, he's smart, and you love him.
Dave Schweikert. Dave? Thank you, Dave. Great job. We're also honored to be joined by your fantastic governor and friend of mine, Doug Ducey. And don't worry about it, Doug. That's "Du, Du," just that's not -- it is, too. That's pretty impressive when you get -- Doug is fantastic. And get out and vote for Doug, by the way.
Get out and vote. He's great. He's doing a great job. He loves this state, loves the country. Finally, it is my great honor to introduce a true American patriot, a person I've gotten to know very well over the last two years. She was always there for us, and she's tough and she's smart and she's brave, and she can fly an aeroplane better than anybody.
Your next United States senator from Arizona, Martha McSally. Come up, Martha.
That's fantastic. Martha's a veteran. A great veteran, a great fighter, a war hero. And the first female fighter pilot to fly combat missions in American history. Think of that. She's the first. And I spoke to some of the pilots and fighters just now, we just left. And we had an incredible display of talent.
Boeing was there. And Raytheon was there. And they were all there, everybody was there. And the ones that know Martha, they say they should could fly a plane like nobody. I like that. That's good. That's good. They were very impressed. They were very impressed. You deserve a senator who truly loves your state and loves to fight for the state and who will never let you down, and that leader is, indeed, Martha McSally.
And Martha's opponent is a far-left extremist named Kyrsten Sinema. And, you know, she is. She's being protected by the fake news back there. Boy, that's a lot -- look at all the people. It's like the Academy Awards -- look at this. That's a lot of stuff. You think this happens to the average president? No way.
And every single time, I hope you're enjoying yourselves. You can turn the cameras back on them. I won't say anything bad, I promise. Now, when they think I'm ready to say something bad, all those red lights go off. You know, just -- now, turn them. I'm not going to leave you alone. After 9/11, Martha McSally heroically led air strikes against radical Islamic terrorists.
Very successful. But while Martha was bravely fighting the Taliban, Kyrsten Sinema said she had no problems with Americans defecting from our country to join the Taliban. How does that happen? Seriously, how does that happen in Arizona? Explain that one to me. Sinema made these comments even as courageous American servicemembers were giving their lives in the fight against enemy Taliban forces.
Kyrsten Sinema also embraced a left-wing radical who was convicted of providing material support to terrorists. This is what you want as your senator? I don't think so. I don't think so. And as you know, and as you heard, Kyrsten Sinema voted strongly against tax cuts. Now, not because she believes that, but because Nancy Pelosi told her to do it. That's all it is. Nancy Pelosi doesn't believe it. And Maxine Waters told her to do it, too.
That's true. She doesn't believe that. But they told her to do it. They'll do -- she'll do whatever they tell them. She voted for Obama's amnesty and she voted against a border wall. She wants to let poisonous drugs pour into your communities and that's where they're coming, right through. Sinema voted to support deadly sanctuary cities, and Sinema joined the shameful Democrat mob attacking the great Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
He will be great. He will be a great Supreme Court justice. And a vote for Kyrsten Sinema is a wasted vote, but more importantly, it's a dangerous vote, because it's for Schumer, cryin' Chuck, for Pelosi and for Maxine Waters. If you don't want radical Democratic mob to control Congress, vote today, get out and vote before -- you don't have to wait.
Vote for Martha McSally. It'll be one of the best votes you've ever cast. It will be -- it will be the second greatest vote you ever cast. The first greatest vote was for me! Me! No, when you cast a vote for me, you cast a vote for you, too. It's us. Because we have -- and they never question me on this -- I say it all the time -- we have the greatest movement in the history of our country.
Never happened. It's never happened before. And we're doing great, the greatest president. Thank you. I like him. Look, who said that? Thank you, man. Thank you. We're working hard. We're working hard. Democrats in Congress have already signed up for a socialist takeover of health care that would eliminate the private health insurance of 3.4 million Arizona residents.
You know about that. And it's going to destroy our country, and your taxes will be tripled. The Democrat plan would destroy Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage for over 500,000 Arizona seniors who depend on it. Democrats' plan to kill Medicare Advantage is especially unfair to Hispanic Americans, of which we have a couple in the room, right?
A couple. We're doing very well with Hispanic Americans. We're doing very well. Because you know what? They want safety at the border. They want great jobs. Remember, the last election, well, he won't do too well with the Hispanic vote. Did we do well or what? They're still -- they're still -- they're still trying to figure it out.
And remember they said, oh, but he won't do well with women. Did we do well with women? We did well with women. They haven't figured it out yet, but they're trying. Are you trying? You continue or do you just want to play this game? Do you want to keep playing this game? One out of every two Hispanic seniors is enrolled in Medicare Advantage, which they're going to destroy.
Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors, who have earned it and they've paid for it. And Republicans will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. They're trying to put a false narrative out there. And if there is a Republican out there that doesn't, let me know. I'll -- believe me, him or her, we'll talk them into it. We're going to protect pre-existing conditions.
It's -- put it down and bank. Remember during the debates, everyone wanted to re-adjust your Social Security, let's add some years on, listen. Who is the one person that said I'm not touching entitlements? Thank you. Thank you. And remember I said, right, and I haven't, I haven't. There's been a lot of presidents that have made big promises.
All of a sudden their career is over, you know, you know a few of them. You've watched it. And it's not a pretty sight when it happens. It's not pretty at all. Not going to happen to me. But I was on stage during all those debates, which we won, by the way, every single one of them. But I was on stage with all those debates, first with some really fine people, the Republicans, and then with a very dishonest person, crooked Hillary Clinton.
And during that time, and during...  It is amazing how you can delete 33,000 e-mails after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress and our Justice Department doesn't do anything about it. It is pretty amazing. Our Justice Department. Headed by many people from the Obama administration.
Can't win them all, but it'll work out, folks. It'll all work out. Just like you look at what we've done. You look at every department, you look at what's going on, secretary of state, you look at EPA, you look at everyone. We are doing so well. We are really hitting. The new platform of the Democrat Party is radical socialism and open borders.
As we speak, the Democrat Party is openly inviting millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and overwhelm our nation. Other than that, the Democrats are doing a great job, right? Not too good. You know what? They're lousy politicians. They have horrible policy. They do one thing well.
They stick together. They really do. They stick together, better than the Republicans. The one thing they do -- and they stick -- they don't want us to have the victory of a wall, even though we got much more money for our military. Many, many times more. We got money. But they don't want us to have the wall.
Even though they know it's the right thing. They will fight to the death because they don't want us to have the wall. But we've started the wall anyway, and we're going to get that done. We're going to get it done. And now it's as a point -- when you look, it's really at a point when you look at what's pouring over in these caravans, when they start saying we don't want to change those immigration laws that are so bad, catch-and-release, we don't want to change visa lottery... Think of visa lottery.
They pick names out of a hat, visa lottery. Think about it. Do you think that this country, whichever country it is, are they going to put you -- are they going to put their finest in there? I don't think so. I don't think so. Chain migration, you come over, and then they have -- we had a guy on the West Side Highway.
He goes down the highway, he's going 60, 70 miles an hour, radical Islam, terrible. Makes a right turn into a park, kills nine people, badly injures -- nobody ever talks about. People that are running along the beautiful Hudson River, because they want to stay in shape. They end up going home six months later with no legs, with no arms.
Because of people like this, sick people. These are sick people. And these allowed -- this guy had 22 people. He brought in his mother, his father, his brother, his sisters, his aunts, his uncles. Because of Democrats' policy. That's called chain migration. It's a chain. Sounds so good. Like right out of -- like right of school.
Sounds so beautiful. The chain, everyone comes together. Nope. We're ending it, folks. And the Democrats don't want to do it, but we're ending it, folks. And catch-and-release. How about that? That's my favorite. Catch. You catch a damned killer, you catch a bad hombre. You catch a bad one. You take the name.
And we're supposed to bring them to court, but we have hundreds of thousands of people. And it's all my fault. You know why? Because we, I, you, all together, we've made this country so strong economically so good, jobs, everything, that everybody wants to come in, so it's my fault. But you know what? We're not letting them in. We only are going to let people in based on merit.
We need people to come in based on merit. So you have catch-and-release. They put one foot. They don't need two. One foot! We have the greatest people, ICE, Border Patrol, law enforcement. And the law doesn't allow us to throw them the hell out. We have to take 'em. We have to write them up, and then we say come back in three years for a court case.
In the meantime, they're released into our society. And you know what the percentage of people that come back for the case? Three percent. No, you're wrong. He said zero. You were slightly off. Three percent. Three percent show up three years, four years, five years later. It's a disgrace. And the Democrats do it. And we don't have enough votes.
We don't have enough Republicans to override their negative vote, because they do stick together. And remember this: They're only sticking together because they want to make sure that I and we don't get what they know our country needs. But I think they may be forced politically to do it, because I got to tell you, anybody that votes for a Democrat now is crazy.
When you look at what's coming up, crazy. Got to be crazy. The Democrats don't care about what their extremist immigration agenda will do to your communities, your hospitals. How about your hospitals? They're being overrun. Your schools! California, they want to give you free education, free health care, open borders.
I mean, we're going to have 10 million people move to California. This is the craziest thing. So here's what we do. Let's get these people out of there. There's something wrong. They're cuckoo. The Democrats don't care that a flood of illegal immigration is going to totally bankrupt our country. Because all the Democrats want is power.
And don't forget: Everybody that comes across the border, for the most part, they're going to vote Democrat. They're not voting Republican. They're going to vote Democrat. So nobody said they're stupid. But it's bad for our country. But they're going to vote Democrat. No matter what we do, they will be voting Democrat.
And they understand that. That's why Democrats support programs like catch-and-release. That's why Democrats want to give illegal aliens free welfare, free health care, and free education. Give them a driver's license. Give them a driver's license. Next thing you know, they want to buy them a car. Then they'll say the car's not good enough, we want -- how about a Rolls-Royce?
Give them -- we want a Rolls-Royce. Made not in America, so therefore, I hope that's not what we do. That's why Democrats want to give illegal immigrants the right to vote. How about in California, where illegal immigrants took over the town council, and now the town council is run by illegal immigrants in the town!
I mean, is this even believable? You tell this stuff. It is sick! That's why Democrats want to abolish ICE, the most brave people. These people -- I wouldn't want their job. Nobody up here wants their job. I can tell by looking. They go into the toughest situations. We call them nests. Nests of very bad people.
They don't like using guns. They'd much rather use knives, because it's much more painful and slower. These are really bad people. And ICE goes in there. And it's like a day at the office. No problem. And they free towns, like in Long Island. They liberate towns. It's like liberation from a war. They liberate towns.
And the Democrats think that ICE isn't nice. We have to get rid of ICE. We cherish ICE. And we cherish Border Patrol. And we cherish our law enforcement. The casualties in the Democrats' open borders crusade are innocent American families and lives. And we have some of these incredible people with us tonight.
Democrat immigration policies allow poisonous drugs, vicious gang members, and MS-13 killers to pour into our country, and we've done a great job. We have removed thousands of MS-13 -- get them the hell out. Thousands! Thousands and thousands. And Democrat sanctuary cities release dangerous predators out of a jail and straight into your communities.
This is not what you want. I know the people of Arizona, you don't want -- you don't want it. A Democrat victory in November would be a bright flashing invitation to every trafficker, smuggler, drug dealer, and illegal alien on the planet, come on in. Come on in, folks. A Republican victory would send the message that America will enforce our borders and defend our citizens.
It's important. This is your choice in November. This is your real choice. I don't think personally -- I don't think you have a choice, but what am I? How can I say that? You're supposed to vote. I don't think you have a choice, OK? I know the people in this room too well. Democrats believe illegal border crossers should be immediately set free.
Republicans believe illegal border crossers should be immediately sent home or, if they're criminals, put in jail. Democrats believe our country should be a giant sanctuary city for criminal aliens. They want it to be a big, fat, beautiful sanctuary city. The whole country for criminal aliens. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary city for law-abiding Americans.
Democrats believe American taxpayers should provide free welfare to illegals. That's wonderful. How about California? They owe two million, trillion dollars! They owe more money than any place has ever even dreamt of. And now they have a man running for governor who wants to actually let the entire world pour into a state, give them free welfare, free education, free licenses, free everything.
And they have no money. And they have no money. And they owe a fortune. Other than that, it's a great idea. Republicans believe welfare should be protected for truly needy Americans that need it. If you want to save your country, if you want to protect your family, if you want to defend American laws, the borders, the sovereignty, the dignity, then you must vote for Martha and vote for Republican on November 6th or before.
This election is also about prosperity. In less than two years, we have created over 4.2 million new jobs and lifted over 4 million Americans off of food stamps. Think of that. Hispanic American household income is at an all-time high. Who is a Hispanic American in this room? Ten percent? It's all right.
Do you like Trump? It's always dangerous. Always dangerous.  Thank you. Thank you, guys.  Hispanic American poverty has reached an all-time historic low. Hispanic American unemployment has reached its lowest rate ever recorded in history. African American and Asian American unemployment have reached their lowest rates ever recorded in the history of our country.
And women's unemployment at 3.6 percent is the lowest it's been in 65 years. Every day we are living by our motto, promises made, promises kept. And some of the fake news -- and they know, they say that I made promises and I actually kept more promises than I made. I think we've done more than we've even said.
And we're not finished. We're not finished yet. We're not finished. Two weeks ago, I announced that we are replacing the horrible, disgusting, terrible, terrible NAFTA deal with an incredible brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement, the USMCA. All done. Great deal. Got to be approved by Congress, but even the Democrats like it. Can you believe that?
Can you believe it? Chuck Schumer actually said really good things about it. Can you believe it? It'll be approved pretty quickly, and that opens up Canada and Mexico to the farmers and to manufacturers. It's a great thing for hopefully all three countries. But this is going to be a great day. NAFTA was a disaster.
We've taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's highly abusive trade practices. And we're winning. We're winning. And Republicans passed the biggest package of tax cuts and tax reforms in American history, including ANWR in Alaska. They couldn't get it passed, the biggest site drilling -- biggest site just about in the world.
Just about in the world. And President Reagan really tried, great guy, couldn't get it done. President Bush, all of them. And I got it done. I got it done. Alaska. The people in Alaska like me. Well, my grandfather spent a lot of time in Alaska. He was looking for gold. Wasn't so easy to find, but he was looking.
We also passed veterans' choice for our great, great, great people. Giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor. And the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats or hurts our veterans in any way is accountable. We look at them, and we say, Jim, sorry to do this, you're fired.
Get your ass out of here. Couldn't fire them. You couldn't fire them. We were stuck. We secured $700 billion and then next year $716 billion to fully rebuild our great American military. And our military will very shortly be far stronger, far more powerful, modern, the best in the world, and also it's jobs.
Now, when it's come to the military, I don't care about the jobs so much. I want the strong military. But as a secondary benefit, every ounce of it is built in the United States. And we make the best planes and the best ships and the best rockets and missiles. We make the best stuff. So it's a lot of jobs.
And we will soon have far and away the strongest military that we've ever had. And hopefully, you know what, it'll be so strong and so powerful that we won't have to use it, OK? If it wasn't powerful, we probably would have to use it. That's the way life works. At my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create a sixth branch of the American armed forces called the Space Force.
Very serious. Very serious. I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal. A disaster. And you remember the day before I came into office, it looked like Iran was just going to take over the Middle East. There was no stopping them. Guess what? They're struggling right now. They're really struggling.
They're having riots every weekend. They are struggling right now. They are having a hard time. And we've recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Together we have made extraordinary progress. The progress that we've made is I think unparalleled certainly for the first two years.
And, you know, we're still quite a bit short. We have a ways to go. January 20th. We have a ways to go. But nobody has done more than we've done in the first two years and not even close. And we're just getting started. If you vote to elect a Republican House and a Republican Senate, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, and raise your incomes.
We will protect Medicare and Social Security. And Democrats will destroy them both, and you know it. We will continue to confirm judges who interpret our Constitution as written. We will secure the border. We will pass Kate's law. We will end sanctuary cities. Stop catch-and-release, visa lottery, chain migration, out.
And we will keep the criminals, drug dealers, and terrorists the hell out of our country. We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependents to independents, and poverty to prosperity. For years, you watched as your leaders apologize for America, right? Remember? Remember the bowing, all the bowing!
People forget about the bowing. I remember. I didn't like it. All the bowing. Now you have a president who is standing up for America. We're standing up for your values. We're standing up for the people of Arizona. We are proudly standing up for our great national anthem. But to continue this incredible momentum, to defend your state and your country, I need you to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote for Martha McSally, November 6th, is the latest, but vote early.
Martha's a courageous fighter. She's the person you need in Washington. You will be so proud of her. She loves this state so much, you will be -- seriously, you will be so proud of her. A vote -- thank you. She said I'm proud of you, too. A vote -- that's all right. People always say, oh, this is going to be an easy job.
Nothing easy about it, folks. That's all right. Not that easy. But we love it. You know why we love it? They just asked me recently, do you like it? It's hard. I said it's only hard because I choose to work 24 hours a day. I can make it easy. I don't have to do this. I don't have to do this. But you know why I love it? Because we are accomplishing so much, far greater than anybody ever thought, including them.
And they give us credit for it. They have been. They have been. A vote for a Republican Congress is a vote for more jobs, more wealth, and more products made right here in the USA. That's what we want. Remember? It's a vote to respect our laws and respect the heroes of law enforcement. And a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democrat politics of hatred, anger, and division, and to celebrate the greatness and the glory of being an American.
And it is. It's great, and it's glorious. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people, and that's happening. From Phoenix to Flagstaff, from Mesa to Yuma, to the Red Rocks of Sedona, this great state was settled by some of the toughest men and toughest and most beautiful women ever to walk the face of the Earth.
Now they're going to say tomorrow, he called women beautiful. Isn't that terrible? It'll be Trump calls women beautiful. You're beautiful! You are beautiful. You're beautiful. You always were, and you always will be. And it's funny, I'm thinking, I'm just watching this -- I think we got him. I think we got him.
I think we got him. You're beautiful. Arizona is where Wyatt Earp became a legend, where the American West became the American dream, and where generations of farmers, ranchers, pioneers, and soldiers use their own two hands to build a life and to build a home. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury.
But they all had one thing in common. They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God. These courageous Arizona patriots did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy and destroy our proud American heritage. For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win.
We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never, ever, ever back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory, always. Because we are American and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
And together, with the proud people of Arizona, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Arizona. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. I'm going to Montana. We're doing a rally for Matt Rosendale, who's a fantastic man. And he's doing very well. And we will be talking some pretty tough things about Senator Tester, who has been a disaster, and a disaster, frankly, for Montana. So we'll see what happens there.
The economy is looking fantastic. Some great numbers come out and came out today. And I will see you folks on the plane, okay?
It certainly looks that way to me. It's very sad. Certainly looks that way.
That, I had not heard about. No. That, I haven't.
No. Just that we're waiting for some investigations, and waiting for the results. And we'll have them very soon, and I think we'll be making a statement -- a very strong statement. But we're waiting for the results of about three different investigations, and we should be able to get to the bottom fairly soon. And I'll see you on the plane.
Well, it'll have to be very severe. I mean, it's bad, bad stuff. But we'll see what happens. Okay? Thank you. See you on the plane.
I love these hangars. I love a hangar. There's nothing like a hangar. You get out of the plane, you walk over, and we have massive crowds. We don't have to turn so many away, but there are a lot of people still trying to get. Should we wait or should we start right now? Start? We start. This is a great crowd.
Oh, Montana to me is a very big and powerful state, I can tell you that. At least it will be after Matt Rosendale becomes your senator. He's great. But I'm thrilled to be here in Montana with thousands of loyal, hard-working, incredible American patriots... Hard to believe I'm saying this, because it was an incredible time, less than two years ago, but almost two years ago, right?
That was some day, that was some evening, that was some period. That was a movement like we've never, ever seen before. And here we are again. It's going to be like -- doesn't seem long, but it flies. You know, when you're having a good time, and when you're doing a good job, time flies, right? Time flies.
And in just 19 days, the people of this incredible state are going to send Matt Rosendale to the U.S. Senate to protect your jobs and protect your Second Amendment, which is under siege. This, I would think, is a very big Second Amendment place. I wouldn't want to be the one that walks into your house and says, "Give me that gun." Right?
Nobody has the courage to do that. But Matt is going to protect your Second Amendment. And he's going to defend your borders, and we're doing a good job on those borders with the worst laws you've ever seen. And we are making America great again together. Really are. This is truly an incredible time for our country.
The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in over 50 years. Think about it. More Americans are now working than ever before. Here in Montana, household incomes have reached an all-time high. Think of that. Think of that. And we watch Montana. We watch your miners. We watch your loggers, your ranchers, your farmers.
We watch Montana. And, you know, two years ago, you watched over me, because we won this state by a lot. Right? That was one of those quickies. I love those states. You know, the polls close. Polls have just closed in the state of Montana. Trump has won Montana. You know, it's like... They say it, because when it's that big, they announce it within seconds.
We like the -- we like the -- it's just a flowing. They do comma. They don't do -- they do a comma. Trump has won Montana. But you've been great to me. We're also taking care of your veterans. You have a lot of veterans in Montana. And our military -- you know, we've rebuilt and are rebuilding our military.
We'll soon be more powerful than ever before. And hopefully we won't have to use it. But there's something about having it. All of a sudden, they say, OK, let's forget about that. That's the way life works, isn't it? We're going to have the most powerful military by far that we've ever had. And a lot of it's already coming, those brand-new, beautiful planes, those incredible stealth F-35s, the -- you have the F-35, you have the F-18s, the Super Dupers, the Hornets.
We have them all. We've got them coming left and right, and you know the great thing? There's nothing more important than the military, but we build them all right here in the USA. We don't send them to other countries to be built. We build them right here. We have the best military equipment in the world.
We build the best. There's nothing even close. Best missiles, best planes, best ships, best everything. We build them here, and there's nothing like best submarines. Submarines, we're so far ahead of everybody, forget it. Under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving, and America is winning, because we are finally putting America first again.
It's America first. You know that. We're putting America first. You haven't heard that for a long time, for many, many decades, you haven't heard. Just last week, we achieved another historic victory for the American people. In a beautiful ceremony at the White House, we proudly swore in the newest member of the United States Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
And those Democrats treated him badly. Very unfair. That was an unfair deal. From the second the Supreme Court vacancy opened, Democrats were on a heartless campaign of political and personal destruction. It was disgraceful. Before he was even chosen, before I even knew who I was going to pick, they were saying horrible things about my candidate.
I said, I haven't picked anyone yet. They're great people. That was terrible. What they did was terrible. And what they did to Brett Kavanaugh and his beautiful family is a national disgrace that will not be soon forgotten. Remember that. And come Election Day, Americans will remember Kavanaugh and they will remember all sorts of other things, because that was a shameful act.
And there are many other shameful acts, including what they're doing to our border by saying we're not going to give you the laws that you need to protect our country. But we're taking it, and we're doing it, and we have great things happening. This will be an election of Kavanaugh, the caravan, law and order, and common sense.
That's what it's going to be. It's going to be an election of those things, law and order, Kavanaugh, you remember commonsense, and remember it's going to be an election of the caravan. You know what I'm talking about. You know what I'm talking about. And now we're starting to find out -- and I won't say it 100 percent -- I'll put a little tiny question mark at the end -- but we're probably not going to need it, but we have the fake news back there.
Fake news. But a lot of money has been passing to people to come up and try and get to the border by Election Day, because they think that's a negative for us. Number one, they're being stopped. And number two, regardless, that's our issue. So this is the problem with them. They have one thing. They stick together.
They vote together. They're bad politicians. They have horrible policy. They hate ICE. They don't like our military. They don't like our vets. They're always fighting us on that. They have lousy policy. The one thing, they stick together, but they wanted that caravan and there are those that say that caravan didn't just happen.
It didn't just happen. A lot of reasons that caravan, 4,000 people. But I just want to thank the Mexican government, because they're stopping it hopefully before it ever gets to Mexico. As you know, I am willing to send the military to defend our southern border, if necessary. All because of the illegal immigration onslaught brought by the Democrats, because they refuse to acknowledge or to change the laws.
They like it. They also figure everybody coming in is going to vote Democrat. You know. Hey, they're not so stupid, when you think about it, right? But they are crazy. And the crazy Democrats refuse to support any form of border security legislation to fix our absolutely horrible, old-fashioned, loophole-ridden immigration laws.
We have the worst laws anywhere in the world. We have the dumbest laws anywhere in the world. Somebody comes in and we say, excuse me, a foot hits the ground. You know, if a foot hits the ground, we're not allowed to say, hey, go back. Every other country in the world, they say go back. Can't come in. Sorry.
A foot hits the ground, we have to by law, with these horrible people that are making their own rulings, having nothing to do with our Constitution, we have to take those people in, even if they're, criminals and we have hardened criminals coming in. You think those people are perfect? They're not perfect.
You have some hardened, bad people coming in. And by law we have to take their name, and then we have to release. It's called catch and release. You ever hear of this one? You catch them, you find out about them. Even if you find out bad things, you catch them and you release them. And then you say, come back for a court case.
There's only a problem. There's not enough judges in the world to take care of it. And I will say, I have caused the problem. I'm taking full blame. You know why? Everyone's like in shock. It's my -- hey, look, fake news, it's my problem. I caused it. Because I have created such an incredible economy, I have created so many jobs.
I have made this country with you so great that everybody wants to come in. So they're all pouring in, or trying to. So with the worst laws in the world, we're doing a hell of a job. But we've made our country strong. We've made our country respected and people want to come in. Most importantly, what we have to do, we need votes, meaning we need Republicans to vote.
You know, you keep hearing we have a majority. We have a majority that if somebody has a cold, if somebody's not feeling well, we lose our majority. That's how it is. It's not -- we have like almost -- like identical. We have to have more votes so we can put in strong, conservative Republican, but commonsense.
It's not even Republican -- it's commonsense policies. Commonsense. That's why we have a lot of Democrats that support us, frankly, we have a lot of the Democrats that aren't crazy. They have intelligence. Because the Democrat Party has gone so far left that nobody knows what to do. It's become radical resistance.
You ever see their signs? Resist. They say, what are you going to resist? I don't know. Do you ever see when the fake news interviews them? And then they try and cut it, but they -- they'll go to a person holding a sign who gets paid by Soros or somebody, right? That's what happens. Well, did you see with -- with now Justice Kavanaugh, did you see -- and, by the way, also, with Justice Neil Gorsuch.
How good is he? That's a great two people. But did you see the signs? They're brand-new. They're beautiful, the black-and-white signs. Everybody has the same size, right from the finest printer in Washington. Do you think the people -- those are not signs made in the basement. They were all identical. And I pointed that out, and the next day everybody had signs that looked like they were made in the basement.
 I didn't see any of the black and white ones. It's a whole -- hey, look, there's a lot of rigged things going on in this country, you know about that. There are a lot of rigged things going on. Just ask Bernie Sanders. You think things are rigged, Bernie? Do you think things are rigged, Bernie?
You could ask me, too. I could tell you about rigging, I'll tell you what. But we fight like nobody ever fought before. You know, we do -- we fight, and we fight, and we win, and we fight harder than anybody ever fought. And then they say, oh, it's obstruction. It's -- if you fight back today, it's called obstruction.
No, no, no. We fight back. Call it whatever the hell you want. We fight back. Obstruction. You know, I just walked in, and a big, strong guy grabbed me. And he was almost crying. It happens every time. And many times. And he said, sir, Mr. President, thank you so much for saving our country. And, you know, now I've -- I hear it all the time, those exact words.
Thank you for saving our country. And at first I had to think about it, months ago. I really had to think about it. You see what we did with taxes. Forget taxes, with so many things, more important than taxes, although those big tax cuts, they did come in handy, didn't they? Everybody benefited from that.
But regulations -- so many things, you add it all up, and they say thank you very much, Mr. President, for saving our country. Well, the truth is, we have all together -- because this has been a movement like we've never seen before in this country, like probably almost every country they've never seen a movement like what happened with us in 2016. And we all together -- not me. I'm a spokesperson.
By the way, how have I done? Have I done OK? I was speaking to a big politician the other day. It was sort of funny. And he was great. He's a great guy. But he was trying to make a point. He wanted me to do something a certain way. He said, sir, I have won five elections. I've run eight times. So I've won, sir, five -- I know what I'm doing.
I'm a professional. I've been doing this for a long time. So think of it. He's -- he runs eight times. Sir, I won five elections. I said, well, you got me there. I ran once, and I won one election, but it's the presidency, right? That's right. The presidency. It's the presidency. That's -- think of it. We're one for one.
We're going to soon be two for two, and that's going to be it. Although a lot of the fake news said that he's not going to stop at eight years. He's going longer. We'll never take it away from him. This is, like, the group of people -- first they say he doesn't know what he's doing. Perhaps he's incompetent.
He doesn't know what he's doing. It's terrible, et cetera. Then, two minutes later, they say he's going -- for eight years, he's going to take it for long -- you can't have both. You can only go one way or the other. You can't do both. No, eight years is going to be fine, right? Eight years, it's going to be fine.
It's all the time we need. That's all the time we need to make America great again. Make America great again. Is that -- is that maybe the greatest slogan in the history of runs? You remember Hillary's slogan? It was the worst slogan. She paid like a million dollars for some guy to make the slogan. And after I dissected it at one speech, they changed it the next day.
 Come together or some -- something terrible. Come together. Oh, she's a great unifier. Right. Great unifier. Crooked Hillary is a great unifier.  It is incredible the deep state where they don't even look at her. Isn't it incredible? Think of it, 33,000 e-mails, she gets a subpoena from the United States Congress.
Forget about all the other things, forget about -- and you can never forget about Benghazi, ever. But forget about everything else. Never forget Benghazi. But forget about all the other things. Thirty-three thousand e-mails, she gets a subpoena, not like a subpoena from you or you or that young person right back there.
A subpoena from the United States Congress. She gets it. Then she deletes 33,000 e-mails. And she acid-washes -- she acid-washes -- this way, it's a very expensive process, never used, it's never used, because it costs so much. It's called acid-washing. It's called bleach -- it's called five different names.
But I like acid-washing, because that really says it. She acid-washes 33,000, so that nobody can ever find -- but they're around someplace. I think that maybe -- maybe they're at the State Department. The State Department -- we have a great man now at the State Department, Mike Pompeo. But maybe they're at the State Department.
They could very well be at the Department of Justice, if you can believe that whole deal. But we're just being quiet. We're being quiet. Do you know why? There's been no collusion. Can you imagine -- think of this -- I was on the plane before, I told somebody -- let's say we're losing the state of Montana.
That will never happen. And I get an urgent call from my people in Montana. And I'm in New York or I'm in Washington. And they say sir, sir, we're losing the state of Montana. Is there anything you can do? Can you imagine me saying, oh, I don't know what to do, gee, let's call the Russians, maybe they could help?
Can you believe -- no, can you believe the stupidity of this? Let's call the Russians?  If I ever called the Russians, the first one to know about it would be the state of Montana, and they wouldn't be too happy. Can you imagine? Let's call the Russians? It's a disgrace. It was an excuse made by the Democrats for losing an election that, frankly, they should win, because the Electoral College -- remember, I couldn't get 270. There was no way to 270, you need 270. There was no -- I went to -- that's exactly right, 306. I went -- that's right, you heard.
How many times you hear -- there is no way? So I went to Maine, I love Maine, by the way, one vote. Got one. One. So I went to Maine four or five times. I love the people of Maine. And I ended up winning that one, but I didn't need it, because we won Michigan and Wisconsin and Pennsylvania and a lot of states.
And a lot of states. No, I'll tell you what, it was an exciting -- it was an exciting time. And next time, Democrats are going to learn where they have to run. You got to run in the right places. These were not great competitors, but they were fun. Actually, they were more effective, in my opinion, after the election than before the election.
Does that make any sense? You know, that to me makes a lot of sense. Wiseguys. The Democrats have turned -- I love you, too. Who said that? Who said that? Who said that? It's finally a woman. You know, I get it from the men all the time.  And so far, every guy that said I love you, they're just not my type.
 I finally heard it from a woman. Thank you. Thank you. And look at all the women for Trump signs. Here we go again. It's the same thing. Everyone says, but will he get the women? There are -- you know, these fakes on television, the pundits, you know, real geniuses, they'd really done well in predicting me. He's never going to run.
He has too good a life. He's just doing it for fun. He'll never run, but he's having a good time. I said, that's a good time? So I ran. Then September, one by one, we knock them off, knock them off, knock them off, remember? Eighteen people, 17 opponents, very talented opponents, in many cases, not in all cases.
But in many cases. I remember Charles Krauthammer. And he was talking... Go ahead. Well, he treated you better than he treated me. That's OK. But he was talking about the field. I hadn't entered. And he said, why would he do this? This is the single greatest field of Republicans ever assembled for an election.
And I looked at my wife -- by the way, how good is our first lady? Good? Is she doing great? People love our first lady. Look at all the signs. We love our first lady. We love our first lady. Just came back from Africa. Just came back from Africa. And she got great -- people thought it -- she -- they love her.
They -- she went into areas that -- it was such sad because such poverty. She went in with her arms wide open. And the New York Times and some others, all they could talk about -- she wore a certain that. And they said it represented a colonialization. And everybody was trying to figure -- and I think it came out of Los Angeles.
I think they actually bought it at Los Angeles, which is such a -- but they love the job she's doing. And yesterday they had a problem, right? You saw that. Fire on the plane. And I get a call. Sir, your wife is up in the air. There's a fire on the plane. I said, don't tell me that. Don't tell me. And they came down quickly.
Great, great people, great pilots, great pilots. And she was cool. She was cool. I did have to -- once I found out everything, I asked, how was she? Was she scared? No, sir. What was she like? She was so cool, we couldn't believe it. Everybody else had cloth on their face, and I probably would have, also, cloth that was water, right, wet, on their face.
She sat there, hey, what else is new? That's the way she is. She's a great first lady. She's doing an incredible job. And you think it's easy for her to be a first lady, not so easy. She's done an incredible job. But Charles Krauthammer -- so he said -- oh, he said there's never been a field like this. And I actually went to my wife, I said, you know, a very smart man just said there's never been a field so talented as this.
But one by one -- and they are -- and now a lot of them are friends of mine, almost all of them are friends of mine. You know, you go through wars together and then -- if you're smart, and if they're smart, you get along. I have great relationships. Ted Cruz has become a friend of mine. He's doing great in Texas.
Marco Rubio, Chris Christie, Mike Huckabee, he was in there at the beginning. Remember he got up and he said I don't know what you guys are wasting your time for. Nobody is going to beat Trump. Why are you doing this? You can't beat him. In fact, do you remember, he said, in fact, I just went out and bought a Trump and I'm dropping out after this debate, but none of you guys are going to beat Trump.
That was Mike Huckabee. That was pretty cool. That was pretty cool. It was very good for my ego. In fact that might have been my worst debate because I was so impressed with what he said, I didn't think about anything. No, Mike is great. We have -- we had such great people. We had such great people. And a lot of talented people.
And the end result is this is where we are. And we're doing a lot of good. The Democrats have truly turned into an angry mob, bent on destroying anything or anyone in their path. And your senator is one of them. Let me tell you, your senator is disgraceful what he did. This election you will decide which party is in control of Congress.
That's true. And if they win, even if they win the House, it's going to be just fighting, fighting, fighting. It's going to be -- we'll be -- you love my hair? Thank you.  She knows what to say. She knows how to make me happy. "I love your hair."  Well, the one thing that has been really great about this whole endeavor, they used to say, he wears a hairpiece, he wears a hair -- they don't say that anymore.
These people have seen me under every condition known to man. I haven't heard that one in over a year. You know, when you're walking around and the wind is going crazy and you're inspecting, like I did the other day, the incredible hurricane, the horrible Hurricane Michael that devastated Florida and Georgia and Alabama got hit hard.
And then a couple of weeks before, and Michael got a piece of them, too. But a couple of weeks before, I went to North Carolina, South Carolina. You look at what happened in a little piece of Virginia. And you walk around in those conditions, you can't fake it. You can't fake it. So that's one good thing.
Nobody ever says that anymore. That's one of the -- might be one of the best things that's happened to me in a long time.  Because my whole life, they said, is it or isn't it? Barbara Walters interviewed me. Do you mind if I play with your hair? Do you remember that? And then numerous people have done that.
But that's OK. But the choice could not be more clear. Democrats produce mobs. Republicans produce jobs. It's true. It's true. By the way, this is the most beautiful sky. Well, it's big sky. I guess there's a reason for everything, right? No, it's just -- I got out and I'm looking -- I've been here many times -- but I got out and I'm looking -- I say, that really is big sky.
That's beautiful. It's not only big, it's really beautiful sky. Someday one of you will explain exactly why, but that is a beautiful, beautiful, big sky. But Nancy Pelosi, crying Chuck Schumer, and the radical Democrats, they want to raise your taxes, they want to impose socialism on our incredible nation, make it Venezuela, because that's what's going to happen... They want to take away your health care, because you won't be able to have it. Our country won't be able to afford it. Destroy your Second Amendment and throw open your borders to deadly drugs and vicious gangs, because plenty of them are coming across, and a lot of drugs.
Democrats have become the party of crime. It's true. Who would believe you could say that and nobody even challenges it? Nobody -- you -- who would believe -- I said -- started a couple of months ago. I said, you know, they've really become the party of crime. I said, I'm going to put that in. I'm going to say that when I make speeches.
Nobody's ever challenged it. Maybe they have. Who knows? I have to always say that, because then they'll say they did actually challenge it, and they'll put like -- then they'll say he gets a Pinocchio. So maybe they did challenge it, but not very much. It's become really -- they have become the party of crime because of what they do. They would rather devastate American communities than defend America's borders.
The Democrat Party has become too extreme to be trusted with power. Their radical policies are a danger to your family and to your country. If you want to drain the swamp, you must defeat the Democrats and you must defeat Senator Jon Tester. I mean, he's a super liberal. How do you -- I know you people. I won by a fortune of votes, right, like many, many, many votes.
And I know you. You know me. I know you. How the hell did you ever elect that guy? How did you pull that off? So we're thrilled to be joined tonight by somebody who's been working with me and an incredible guy, a great human being, and a very talented senator, but somebody that loves you and he loves the country, Senator Steve Daines.
Steve? Where is he? He is a great guy. Tell you what, he is -- you know the strong, silent type? They're the ones I like the best. I want to be that way someday.  No, Steve Daines has been -- he's been a great representative. He loves this state. I also want you to go and vote for an incredible Montana leader, somebody that's gone to Congress, and in a short period of time, one of the most respected people in Congress, Greg Gianforte.
Hey, Greg, come up. Come up, Greg.
He's so smart. You know, we've had people -- you're on live television all over the place, and we've had people get up, speak for 20, 25 minutes. And these guys are going crazy, that's not the deal. But Greg is smart. And by the way, never wrestle him. You understand that? Never.  Any guy that can do a body slam, he's my kind of... He was my guy.
I shouldn't say this, because -- there's nothing to be embarrassed about. So I was in Rome with a lot of the leaders from other countries talking about all sorts of things, and I heard about it. And we endorsed Greg very early, but I had heard that he body-slammed a reporter. And he was way up. And he was way up. And I said, oh, this was like the day of the election, or just before, and I said, oh, this is terrible, he's going to lose the election.
Then I said, well, wait a minute, I know Montana pretty well. I think it might help him. And it did! No, he's a great guy. Tough cookie. Greg's opponent, Kathleen Williams... is a radical far-left Democrat. She's going to be voting with Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters, the great Maxine Waters. That's another beauty, isn't it? Williams wants to massively raise your taxes, and she supports Pelosi's cap-and-trade tax, which is a disaster, and it would kill the Montana coal industry that we all rebuilt together in a very short period of time.
Any miners in the audience, please? How are you guys? Happy, right? Better believe it. It's coming back. Clean coal. I say beautiful, clean coal. And we have more of it than anybody. And Kathleen Williams supports open borders. She opposes the wall, which we've started and we've done a lot of work on it, but I'd like to get it done quickly.
Give us the money and we'll do it fast, but we've started it. We got $1.6 billion, $1.6 billion, and $1.6 billion. And I want to get it finished. We need it now. And, by the way, if this scene -- if this scene of people pouring up -- if that doesn't make people want to build -- you know, in 2006, all these people -- just about all them -- they wanted a wall.
They know it's the right thing. They just don't want to give us the victory. It's not like Schumer says, oh, gee, you have it -- Israel has a wall. Bibi Netanyahu -- think of it. He said it worked 99.9 percent, their wall. They have a big wall. It's in the form of a very tough fence. But they have a wall.
And Schumer knows this. And Nancy Pelosi knows this. But they just don't want to give us the victory. I know for a fact, they said, you know what, we can't let them have the wall because that would be another campaign promise fulfilled. But I've done so many campaign -- I'm so far ahead. But -- but we've started the wall.
And it's moving. And we're going to get it, but get me some Republican votes, please. Williams voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities and she voted in favor of giving public benefits to illegal aliens. Oh, that's a beauty. Do the people of Montana like the idea of giving public benefits to illegals? I don't think so. I don't think so. I know you very well.
My son is here all the time, Don. He's a big fan. He's a hunter. He's a hunter. Big fan of Greg's. Big fan of Greg's. He's a good hunter, that one. You people can't believe it. He grew up in a certain nice location in New York, like Fifth Avenue. He knows more about hunting and guns and rifles than maybe anybody here.
That's the crazy thing. That's what he loves. A few people over there say I disagree with that, but he does know it. Greg will tell you that. But everybody has to go out and vote for Greg. And finally, it is my great honor to introduce the next United States senator from Montana, Matt Rosendale. Come on up, Matt.
Come on up. Great guy. Big success. Highly respected. 
Thank you.  Thank you, Matt. And I have to say: A vote for Tester is a vote that really is going to count. It's going to count for you. He's replacing far-left with common sense. And we really have to get out. We are looking to have some success, where right now it's so impossible. We have to get Schumer and Pelosi, we have to move them around, we have to get them out.
Our new star, Maxine, we have to get them out. There's a lot of bad things happening. I don't know, you know, you see what they do, you see what they think, and you almost say, like, can it really be possible? Can somebody not care about our military? Can somebody not care about so many other things that we're doing, like taking care of our vets?
I mean, can somebody not care about tax cuts? They want to raise your taxes and they don't care about crime. Think of that. Raise your taxes and they don't care about crime. Is that really some way to get elected? How do you do that? I would never be a politician if that were my platform, I tell you. Certainly I wouldn't be successful.
But Tester says one things to voters and then always does the exact opposite. In Washington, he talks like he's from Montana and he votes like he's Nancy Pelosi. The only thing keeping Tester's campaign alive are millions and millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and radical leftists who couldn't care less about Montana.
They don't know anything about Montana. All they know is he's a vote for them. They don't know anything. They didn't come up here to talk to you. They just send a lot of money. It's crazy. Tester voted against tax cuts for Montana families, where you benefited so much. I know how important that's been. And he voted for Obama's job-killing regulations.
With those regulations, all of your energy that you take out of the ground in the cleanest way, and that makes our nation wealthy, you couldn't do it. You wouldn't be allowed to do it. All of the miners that are here, all of the people that are here, all of the steelworkers, you wouldn't have your jobs back.
You wouldn't have jobs. We were going in the wrong direction. When I came in, we were going down. And now we just hit 4.2 percent, and everyone is saying, how did that happen, right? GDP, 4.2 percent. And on immigration, Tester's record can be summarized in two simple words: Open borders. Open borders. Think about it. Think about it. How about this guy in California?
I have to say, look, I'm sure he's a nice guy, nice guy, young guy, they say, oh, someday he wants to be president. Oh, please let him run. But how about this guy? Running for governor, California. He wants open borders, and he wants to take care of everyone's health care, everyone's medical costs, right?
He wants to put more gas taxes on, where they just have a lot. But he wants to take care of everybody. So open borders, the whole world is going to go to California. And they owe about 15 zillion dollars. They owe more money than anybody knows, it's not even possible for them. And he's asking everybody in the world, just come on in. Open borders, we're going to take care of your health care.
We're going to take care of your schools. We're going to take care of everything. I mean, I mean, give me a break. Right? No, I saw this platform the other day. We have a good candidate there, too. You're right. Thank you, darling. We have a good candidate there. He's -- now, it's hard for a Republican to win in California, because it's become, like, crazy.
But all of a sudden are Republicans making big progress. It's going to be very interesting to see what happens in that race. But that's where Tester is coming from. He voted for amnesty for illegals and against the border wall on numerous occasions. He voted to let drugs in. He voted to let drugs in. That's what you're doing.
You don't have the wall, you don't have a border. What you have is you have infiltration of drugs like you've never seen. We fight so hard. We just had a big victory with the Post Office, so that we can see drugs coming in from China, fentanyl, and other places. Tester voted against Kate's law, legislation to stop criminal illegal aliens from repeatedly breaking into our country.
This guy came in five times, and then you know what happened. Tester voted against enhanced vetting for refugees. I said enhanced vetting, and people said, oh, what a terrible term. I don't think it's terrible. We want to have people come into our country, but they have to come in based on merit, not based on a lottery.
We need people. We need people. Our employment rate's one of the lowest, as I said, over 50 years. We need people to work in the companies. Japan, I was speaking to Prime Minister Abe the other day. They're opening up new car factories and plants in Michigan, in Ohio, in Pennsylvania, in Kentucky. At my very strong urging, because we have a massive trade deficit with Japan.
We have a massive trade deficit with everybody. But we're changing it. We made the great deal for your farmers with Canada and with Mexico. And every other business, by the way. And we're not going to have our companies leaving the United States anymore. They're going to stay here, and they're going to expand in our country.
And Tester voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities. He likes sanctuary cities. Jon Tester would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens, which is why he needs to be voted out of office. He does. And by the way, Matt -- Matt is a really successful guy. Respected by everybody. I know people that knew him from 10 years ago.
Long before he ever thought of this, 20 years ago, just was always a high-end, really respected guy. And he's going to be a great senator for you. He's going to be a great senator, Matt Rosendale. And Matt said, Tester has a D rating from the NRA. I didn't know they gave ratings that low. How can you -- OK, ready?
We're in Montana. How can you have a D rating from the NRA and get votes? No, no, seriously, did anyone know he had a D rating? I saw that, I said, well, that should be the end of that election. You know, there are some places you can have a D rating, I guess. But he has a D rating in Montana? I don't think that's going to last long.
And he voted for liberal Obama judges who want to take away your Second Amendment. They do want to take it away. Just in case you haven't figured that one out, that's a tough one. And one of the things that will be happening -- you know, you're happy that we have two great Supreme Court justices that we just put on. You know, presidents go a long time, they never have a judge.
I've had two, and it's not even two years, think of that. So think of that. But under scenarios, we could have two more, three more, maybe four more. I wish everybody great health, I do. I really do. But, you know, we could have a scenario where we have more. That's why you have to be careful, because you think the two is good.
That could get overwritten very quickly. You think you're looking good, but -- and you are, but, frankly, it can be overridden very quickly. Jon Tester joined the shameful Democrat mob. They were calling it a mob. Now, a lot of people are calling -- these people are starting to think of it as a mob. And voted against Kavanaugh, voted against -- I guessed, I didn't even know -- did he vote against Justice Gorsuch?
He did. How do you vote against him? Right? Top student at Harvard. Top student at Columbia. Top student at Oxford. Oxford. And they vote against him? How do you do that? And he's just, like, led an impeccable life. Justice Kavanaugh, number one in his class at Yale, I mean, these are extraordinary people.
And they had a great life. Look, it's not about grades or marks or -- it's one thing. But these people have led incredible lives. And in the case especially of Justice Kavanaugh, the lies that were made up, the stories that came out, and he didn't -- he honestly -- I'm pretty good at this stuff -- he honestly never heard of this stuff.
He never heard of it. It was a big con job. You've heard me say that. It was a con job. See, with me, they're doing con jobs, too, but at least I'm sort of -- that's been my whole life, I've been -- people are -- I expect like things like this. They're given a big, yeah, witch hunt. They're doing a big con job.
But on him, I don't think he was expecting that. When I said -- when I shook his hand, I have to tell you, I've never told this. I shook his hand. And I said, Brett, congratulations, I've chosen you, and I have a list of 23 people or so that are phenomenal, top students, top everything, top judges. All judges, I think.
All judges. Doesn't have to be a judge, by the way, but there's something nice about putting judges on the Supreme Court, right? I don't know. Somehow I think putting a businessman would be nice or a woman. How about a businesswoman? But -- but something nice about -- doesn't have to be a judge, would you believe it? But I shook his hand, I'll never forget it. I shook his hand, and I said, Brett, you're like so good, educationally, you're a great scholar, you're talented, incredible wife, incredible daughters, your life has been amazing.
Don't forget, six checks under the seventh from the FBI, flawless. I said, Brett, congratulations, this is going to be a piece of cake.  I meant it. I said, this is going to go so fast. It's going to be so easy. You are perfect. You are something special. And he suffered. He suffered needlessly by vicious people, like Feinstein, like -- remember?
Do you think she leaked? She leaked. She leaked. Remember that? No, I didn't leak, remember? Remember? Senator John Cornyn, great guy from Texas. He asked a question. Did you leak? She was startled, because she was unprepared. No -- no -- did -- what? Did I leak? No, no, we didn't leak, no. No, we didn't leak.
That was the worst body language I think I've ever seen. Remember? Remember Jon Lovitz, the liar, remember Jon Lovitz? Yeah, yeah, I'm a businessman, that's right. I went to -- yeah, yeah, I went to Harvard. Yeah, that's right. I went to Harvard. I'm a businessman. That was, like, a female version of Jon Lovitz.
And then you had Spartacus, right? That's not Spartacus. I know him for a long time. You know, I don't want to speak badly about them, though, because, you know, I want most of these people -- I think all of them -- to get through the process. They're all fighting to run against us. And I don't want to hit them so hard that they don't make it, because maybe they'll find somebody of talent.
So far, there's nobody on the list. So I don't want to kill them. I don't want to do it. It's too early to be doing it. But he didn't do well at Newark, New Jersey. He ran it right the hell into the ground. And that's what he'd do with our country. So you have a lot of them. I'll go over a couple of more names, but, no, I won't. How about -- how about sleepy Joe Biden?
Sleepy Joe? Remember, he challenged me to a fight, and that was fine. And when I said he wouldn't last long, he'd be down faster than Greg would take him down.  He'd be down so fast. Remember? Faster than Greg. I'd have to go very fast. I'd have to immediately connect. But -- so he challenges me to a fight, and the fake news said, oh, isn't that cute?
That's so wonderful. Remember, he says he's going to -- he would like to take me behind the barn if he were younger, you know? So he challenges me to a fight. And it's fine. I said he shouldn't do that because I'd take him down so fast. And they said, what a vicious statement made. How vicious. He's talking about fighting.
What a vicious -- do you believe this? That's why it's the fake news. Remember? I responded so nicely. And they made a big deal out of it, but that's OK. And Jon Tester led the Democrat mob in the effort to destroy the reputation of a great man, Admiral Ronny Jackson. Now, Admiral Jackson I got to know well.
He's a doctor, in addition to being an admiral. He's a handsome, wonderful father. His son had just graduated high in his class at Annapolis, incredible young man, beautiful family, incredible wife. And Tester said things about him which were a disgrace. And I say, the people of Montana would not stand for it, what he said about Ronny Jackson.
He was the doctor for President Bush, for President Obama, and for President Trump. And he was high quality. And it's my fault. I said, Admiral, how would you like to head up the V.A.? I want somebody great. You're an admiral, you're a leader. And he's 50 years old. He never had a problem in his whole life.
A little bit like Justice Kavanaugh, you know, really a very fine, high-quality, handsome guy. Never had a problem. And he said, sir, I had never thought of it, but I'll do whatever your wish is, sir. He didn't really want it. He didn't really want. And he might not have been qualified. But here's a doctor at a high level, and he's a man that everybody respected.
I saw that. Respect is so important. And I know he'd do a good job and he's put his heart into it. He's very smart. But he said, sir, if you'd want me to do it -- he really didn't, he was all set, 50 years old. He was going to get a second star, he was going to retire and go into running a big hospital system or something.
He was all set. But he didn't want to disappoint me. So he said, sir, if you'd like me to do it, I will do it. I said, well, I'll tell you what, Ronny, you'll be fantastic. He would have done a great job. And I announced that he was going to be my choice, and he was attacked so viciously, so violently by Jon Tester like I've never seen before.
True. All lies, all made-up stuff. Remember knocking at somebody's door at 2 o'clock in the morning? Remember that? Knocking. And I checked with Secret Service. Did that happen? No, sir, it didn't. They checked it. Sir, that didn't happen. They came in, I want to know. Sir, it didn't happen. Didn't even come close to happening.
I think he wasn't even there. They made up a series of lies that were horrible. And Jon Tester led the group. That's really why I'm here. It's not that we need to vote so badly, I think we're going to do very nicely in the Senate, I hope. I think we should pick up seats. But I have -- first of all, I have a lot of respect for the man that's running, Matt.
But -- but also... Also, I'm here because I can never forget what Jon Tester did to a man that's of the highest quality. You would have loved this man in this state. He'd be one of you. He'd be one of you. And so I said I got to come, I got to come here, I got to help, because what he did was unfair. What he did -- what he did was vicious.
What he did was as they did with Judge Kavanaugh. Same thing. Same thing. Almost -- almost -- if this is believable -- worse. And he sat and he didn't know what hit him. He didn't know what hit him. To which I originally said, welcome to the world of Washington, D.C., isn't this is lovely place? But this was an innocent, wonderful man who's led a life that's incredible, and he was so badly hurt.
And so I had to come here and tell you that story. What happened -- and we've had it checked out so carefully -- and the Secret Service guys are fantastic. And I wanted a full report. I wanted a full report. Doctor Ronny Jackson, special man. Tester doesn't share your values. He shares the values of the Feinsteins and the Cory Bookers, and how about Pocahontas, Elizabeth Warren?
You know, the one good thing about her test is that there was so little she had less than the average American. I used to say I have more Indian blood in me than she does and I have none. I used to say that.  And I was right. But the only good thing she did, I think she probably disqualified, because she made a fool out of herself.
But I think the only good thing she did, I can't call her Pocahontas anymore. Right? I came up with the name Pocahontas, and they once said you must apologize for that. I said, why? Well, it's not nice what you're doing. I said, OK, I'd like to apologize to the real Pocahontas. But not to the fake -- not to the fake Pocahontas.
Not to the fake Pocahontas. But it's true, she has so little Indian blood. She has none, that I cannot call her Pocahontas anymore. But if you don't mind, I'll continue. Do you mind? Because it'll show everybody what a phony she is. If you vote to elect a Republican House and a Republican Senate, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, raise your income, and make our country great again.
That's happening. We will protect Medicare and Social Security. And Democrats will destroy your Social Security. And they will destroy your Medicare. We will continue confirming judges who interpret the Constitution as written. We will fully secure the border. We will pass Kate's law, stop sanctuary cities, stop catch and release, end visa lottery, end chain migration.
And we will keep the criminal drug dealers and terrorists the hell out of our country. We will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependents to independents, and from poverty to prosperity. For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. They apologized. Now you have a president who is standing up and proud, but standing up for America.
We are standing up for your values, we are standing up for Montana, and we are proudly standing up for our great national anthem. But to continue this incredible momentum, I need you to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote for Greg Gianforte and Matt Rosendale.
These are great people. A vote for a Republican Congress is a vote for more jobs, more wealth, and more products made right here, like the old days, in the USA. It is a vote to respect our laws and to respect the heroes of law enforcement. They do a great job. And a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democrat politics of hatred and anger and division and to celebrate the greatness and the glory of being American.
Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people, and that's what's happening. That's what happened almost two years ago. This great state was settled by tough pioneer men and even tougher pioneer women. By the way, they keep saying, will he do well with women?
Remember last time? They said the same thing. We did -- we did very well with women. I think I probably won because of women, I hate to tell you, men. Remember? Now they're starting the same thing. It's like a replay. Will he do well? Women, by the way, what do they want? They want security, both real security and economic security.
They don't want to have criminals all over the place. They want to be able to have a great family and raise a great family. They want great education for their family and their kids. I'm the one that gives you that. They don't -- they don't give it to you on the other side, folks. And we're giving you already better choices for health care.
I got rid of the individual mandate, which is the worst thing in Obamacare. And we're running the remnants of Obamacare before it expires completely, and do you notice your premiums are going up less than they've ever gone up? Because we're doing a real job. We had the votes to repeal and replace, and somebody disappointed us a little bit.
But we'll get another shot. I'll tell you what, as Matt said, it'll happen. Get us a couple of votes. But these are pioneer women who braved the wilderness and defied the dangers to build a life and a home and a family. These are great women. The men are, OK, too, not great, but they're OK. The men are OK. What the heck?
The women are exceptional. They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury, but they all had one thing in common. They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God. Right? These courageous Montana patriots did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy and destroy our proud, proud, proud American heritage.
Couldn't do it. For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. Remember I told you that. I've been telling you that for a long time. We're winning again. Our country is respected again. I can tell you, I meet the leaders of other countries, they say, Mr. President, congratulations.
Do you know that we have the hottest economy, as big as we are? We were going down. We have the hottest economy on Earth. People are moving back in. We're winning again. We're respected again. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in, we will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender.
And we will always fight on to victory. Because we are American and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. You know that. We are one people. We are one family. And we are one glorious nation under God. And together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again... and we will make America great again. Thank you, Montana. Thank you. Thank you very much.
So I met, number one, as you know, with Pastor Brunson. Some of you were there. And he had a fantastic weekend. He's back home, and we love the fact that he's back home. He's with his family. And he's a very happy man. He left Turkey. He is extremely thrilled. And, as I said, really yesterday more than ever, that we want to thank Turkey. We want to thank President Erdogan.
I just spoke with the King of Saudi Arabia, who denies any knowledge of what took place with regard to, as he said, his Saudi Arabian citizen. I've asked -- and he firmly denied that. I've asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to immediately get on a plane, to Saudi Arabia, go to other places if necessary, which he probably will.
But with regards to this, go to Turkey if necessary. The King told me that Turkey and Saudi Arabia are working hand-in-hand, very closely, on getting to the bottom of what happened. So we'll see what happens. But Mike Pompeo -- excuse me -- Mike Pompeo is leaving literally within an hour or so. He's heading to Saudi Arabia.
We are going to leave nothing uncovered. With that being said, the King firmly denied any knowledge of it. He didn't really know. Maybe -- I don't want to get into his mind -- but it sounded to me like maybe these could have been rogue killers. Who knows? We're going to try getting to the bottom of it very soon. But his was a flat denial.
All I can do is report what he told me. And he told me in a very firm way that they had no knowledge of it. He said it very strongly.
Well, that was not part of the deal. We had no deal with Turkey. We don't make deal -- any deals for hostages or prisoners. But I will tell you that I feel much differently about Turkey today than I felt about them two days ago. I have a very good feeling toward Turkey. Two days ago, I did not. So that helped.
I don't know. We're going to try to getting to the bottom of it. I can only tell you that his denial to me is -- just one very, you know, relatively fast phone call. Probably lasted 20 minutes. His denial to me could not have been stronger that he had no knowledge. And it sounded like he, and also the Crown Prince, had no knowledge.
We didn't talk about that. We didn't talk about that. I did say this is very important. The world is watching. The world is talking. And this is very important to get to the bottom of it. And I think he understands that very well.
He did say, very strongly, that he's dealing with Turkey; that they've come to an agreement, that they're investigating it together. And I think that's a good thing.
I didn't say that. You better read it again.
Say it? Sorry, you have a helicopter roaring in the background. Go ahead.
No, not a theory, but the denial was very, very strong. It wasn't like there was a question and it's . The denial was very, very strong.
I hope she's running for President, because I think she'd be very easy. I hope that she is running. I do not think she'd be difficult at all. She'll destroy the country. She'll make our country into Venezuela.
With that being said, I don't want to say bad things about her, because I hope she would be one of the people that would get through the process. It's going to be a long process for the Democrats.
It's a shame. So Sears, Roebuck, when I was growing up, was the big deal. And it's very sad what happened. Very, very sad. When you look at that whole filing that they did last night, to me it's very sad. Somebody that is of my generation -- Sears, Roebuck was a big deal, so it's very sad to see.
And I will say, with that being said, I would imagine some of those great sites that Sears has -- they really have some great sites -- will be put to good use. It will be a lot of jobs. Sears has been dying for many years. It's been obviously improperly run for many years, and it's a shame.
I'm not taking anything off the table. No, we're going to try and find out. I'm just explaining --
No, no look -- I'm just explaining, very easily, I think, what was told to me a half an hour ago. And the denial was not only a denial, it was a very firm denial. So we will check it all out. We'll get to the bottom of it, okay?
No, North Korea is coming along very well. Relationships are very good. I think a lot of good things will happen. It's complicated. You know, we've done things in three or four months that nobody has done in 70 years. But I think North Korea is coming along very well.
Thank you. I'll see you in Florida. Thank you.
That's right, USA. And hello, Kentucky. Thank you. And I'm thrilled to be back in the heartland with thousands of loyal, hard-working American patriots. In just 24 days, the people of Kentucky -- we love Kentucky -- greatest horses in the world and plenty of other things -- are going to elect an incredible slate of Republican candidates to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and continue making America great again.
Just hours ago, we celebrated another tremendous victory for the American people. You know what I'm talking about. We're having a lot of victories, folks. Can you handle it? In the Oval Office of the White House, I welcomed home Pastor Andrew Brunson, great man, from Turkey. He is now free from jail. Think of that, 35-year jail sentence, 35 years.
Not anymore. He's back with his family, together with his wife, and he is on American soil. And it's a beautiful family. They're all together. And I want to thank President Erdogan of Turkey. He was -- he was terrific. We all worked together. It wasn't easy. It wasn't easy. That one wasn't easy. And we don't pay ransom.
We don't pay ransom. But I do -- I want to thank the president. I want to thank the people of Turkey. And I think we'll probably now really establish a terrific relationship with Turkey. We appreciate it. This evening, in the wake of Hurricane Michael, our thoughts are with our fellow citizens in Florida, Georgia, Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia.
They got hit hard. They got hit hard, especially when you look at -- when you look at Florida, did you ever see anything like that? And you look at Georgia, Georgia got hit hard. That was some wind force. Up to 200 miles -- almost 200 miles an hour, one of the most vicious we've ever been hit with. So I just want to thank all of those incredible people, the people of FEMA, the first responders... law enforcement, and all of the thousands of federal employees and National Guard, all of the personnel, they're now on the ground, they're supporting this really major recovery.
I will say, you have thousands of electrical trucks all lined up, they're following in, they're getting the roads cleared, not easy. And they have done some job. You had 600,000 people without electric. In one day, they got it down to 250,000. That's some job, one day. And we will not rest until the job is done.
We're here tonight to discuss everything we have accomplished together in less than two years' time. Think of it. Think of it. And I'm here tonight, although I've been back many times, I love this state... to thank the people of Kentucky for 2016. We didn't have to wait too long for that. We didn't have to wait too long for that.
Remember, the vote is in, the polls have closed in Kentucky, Donald Trump is the winner of Kentucky. That was fast. That was fast. And to make sure that America's extraordinary comeback, we want to make sure it continues full speed ahead. We don't want Democrats... that are coming from a different place, we don't want them getting in office.
All they'll do is abstract. Under Republican leadership, America is booming. It's thriving. America is winning again because we are finally putting America first.  Our country's unemployment rate has just fallen to 3.7 percent, the lowest in over 50 years. Fifty years. Median household income has reached an all-time high.
That's pretty good. It means you're making more money than you've ever made before. I don't know how much better, but we're going to get it up higher. We have eliminated a record number of job-killing regulations. And some of you will love this, and I'm proud of it, these are great people, it's a great resource when properly used.
We have ended the war on clean, beautiful coal. We're putting our miners back to work like never before. They're going back, back, back. And after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. And we are doing it with American iron, aluminum, and look at what happened to steel.
You see the comeback with steel? Everyone's going back to work. The steel mills are opening up, U.S. Steel, Nucor. They're all opening up their steel mills. That was faster than I thought. And we're stopping the dumping. And if they want to dump, they can but they got to pay a lot. So if you think about it, so true, despite our size, America is now the hottest country anywhere in the world.
This is where people want to be. Since my election, we've picked up in worth $11.7 trillion. Think of that. Think of it. And we are going to get along great with China, but we're doing things with China, and they've dropped about $20 trillion. But you know what? They're going to be just fine, but they have to treat us fairly.
They have to treat us fairly. Right? That's right. And every day, we are living by our motto, promises made, promises kept.  And you look back there at the fake news media, look at them. Look at them. It's like the Academy Awards every time. You know, I'd like to walk into a place one night and not have any of these guys.
Boy. It gets bigger and bigger. But even they have said that President Trump, and you know they probably get fired the next day, that President Trump made promises during the campaign, and I've actually produced more than the promises I made. How often do you hear that? And we all produced it together. We have incredible people.
Mitch and Rand, and we all produced it together. We have a great team. But we need more of them. We need more Republican votes. We have a majority that's essentially, Rand, not a majority. If somebody has a cold, we don't have a majority, right? So we have to get some more Republicans in there, and we're here for some good ones tonight.
On Monday night at the White House, we kept one of the biggest and most historic promises of all. Do you know what we're talking about, right? Never has a man been treated so badly. America watched as we proudly swore in the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. A great, great gentleman.
What happened to him was so unfair. I've never seen anything like it. And we stuck with him all the way because we knew the facts. We stuck with him all the way. And Rand Paul and Mitch, they stuck with him. No doubts about it. No doubts. Remember that. Remember that. He now sits alongside Justice Neil Gorsuch to defend your sacred rights and your God-given freedom.
What the crazy, radical Democrats did to Justice Kavanaugh is a national disgrace. From the moment Brett Kavanaugh was known, well, you know what happened. We announced the name, we nominated him, and literally from the moment he was nominated, they didn't even know. It's actually, if you think of it, it's from before he was nominated, nobody knew anything about who it was going to be. I didn't even make my decision yet, and they started saying horrible things about whoever the person might be. They were on a mission to obstruct, resist, delay, demolish, and destroy.
The Democrats have become totally consumed by their chilling lust for power. And I'll tell you something, we have a man, one of the most powerful men in the world, it's OK, comes from Kentucky, that's not bad. Got to respect that. And he heard about this, he says I want to be there. He's one of yours. He's joining us tonight.
He's rock-ribbed Kentucky leader. He's been a leader for a long time. There's nobody tougher. There's nobody smarter. He refused to cave to the radical Democrats' shameful campaign of political and personal destruction. He stared down, tough cookie -- I know tough people, he's tough, he's Kentucky tough, which is about as tough... He stared down the angry left-wing mob.
He never blinked, and he never looked back, and he got us a man who will be one of our great, great Supreme Court justices, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Come up here.
Thank you. And Mitch is a true fighter for Kentucky. He loves this state. And you know, we'll be running together in 2020. That will be a lot of fun. Thank you, Mitch. On this Election Day, November 6th, every American faces a simple choice. You can either vote for Democrat mob rule or you can vote for a Republican Party that stands proudly for law and order, fairness, freedom, and justice.
Simple as that. If Nancy Pelosi... crying Chuck Schumer, and the radical Democrats take over Congress, they will try to raise your taxes, they will immediately restore job-killing regulations, they will impose, believe it or not, socialism, take away your health care, your health care and your whole life will be unaffordable, shut down immediately, oh, forget this one, shut down your coal mines in about two minutes.
You see what's going on with the Second Amendment? They will destroy your Second Amendment. And the Democrats want to open our borders to a flood of deadly drugs and ruthless gangs. The fact is, Democrats have become the party of crime. They have. Republicans are the party of safety, and we are the party of jobs, jobs, jobs.
And we're thrilled to be joined this evening by several terrific Kentucky Republicans. First of all, Kentucky Senate President Robert Stivers. Where is Robert? Where is Robert? Thank you. Congressman Tom Massie. They've got them spread all over the place. Where's Tom? Doing a great job, thank you. They're doing a great job.
Congressman Hal Rogers. Thank you, Hal. Congressman James Comer, James Comer. Thanks, James. James, the whole group, they have been incredible, I'll tell you what. We got tax cuts, biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. We got so many other things. ANWR. We got rid of the individual mandate. We had Obamacare repealed and replaced.
We didn't get one Democrat vote, but we'll get it done. We had a little disappointment that night. A little bit of a disappointment. But it's essentially done anyway, because when you get rid of the mandate, the individual mandate, it's done. And what we have done with the remnants of Obamacare is we've kept your premiums down far below what anybody would have thought, through good management, through Secretary Alex Azar.
Now a friend of mine who has helped us so much, he's really smart, but I have to say his wife, the last couple of days, has become maybe the biggest star in the family. She's been so -- I said, Rand, you have to get her on television more. She's become the biggest star in the family. Yes. A man that really has been a friend of mine, a special friend, and he's really something.
He's a great guy. Not everybody knows that, believe it or not. Not -- it's like Mitch, not everybody knows that Mitch is a great guy. These are great people. There's something that happens to you when you grow up in Kentucky, I guess, right? These are great people. But, you know, I call Rand a senator of tremendous common sense.
That's a great compliment, common sense. And you know what? Hey, Rand, he's young, he's spry, run up here for a second, Rand. Come up here, Rand.
But it's true. We were talking about health care and Rand had this concept that -- he was so far advanced, even the experts didn't know, and after they checked, they said, you know, he's right. He's right. Association health care, where you can team up with other companies, you can team up -- you go in, you get phenomenal pricing, you have no problems with crossing borders, so you get every insurance company, and it's taken off, Rand, and that was Rand's initial idea.
That's true. And it's doing really well. Inexpensive and terrific. And another man, a very special friend of mine, he was a great businessman, decided to win and run in Kentucky. By the way, does that sound familiar? This guy was a really successful guy and he saw things happening in Kentucky, and he said, you know, I can do a tremendous job, and he really has done.
And he doesn't want to be political. He wants to get the job done. This state is doing so well. You have your lowest unemployment numbers in history. You have your best incomes in history. You have jobs and companies flowing back in. And all of that wouldn't matter if I didn't like him, because if I didn't like him, I'd say, forget about him, right?
But I like him a lot. He's a terrific man and a terrific governor, Matt Bevin. Thank you, Matt. Thanks, Matt. So we're here for a truly special guy. These are all special people. Something about this place. Boy, did we win by a lot. What did we win by, 38? Thirty-eight. We won by a lot. I have a feeling that Mitch McConnell in two years is going to do very good, very good.
He's going to do very good. You know, he goes down as the greatest leader, in my opinion, in history. What we've done is incredible together. But he's better when I'm president than he ever was when anyone else was president. Doing much better. But I want to introduce the leader that we're all here for tonight.
And all of our congressmen know exactly what I'm talking about. He has been so strong on all of the things that we stand for, tax cuts, regulation cuts. Every single event that we passed, and it's record numbers of events, he's been at the forefront, and he's got a little bit of a tough race with a Nancy Pelosi-picked figure.
And I guess they did a little changing, and they did a lot of this and that, the Democrats do, that's the only way they can win. But I'll tell you what, I've seen the -- you know, outside, you have 25,000, 35,000, some crazy number of people, and we set up movie screens. We set up beautiful movie screens.
And to those people outside, we love you. We love you. You have to see the lines, they go all the way back, many miles. But a lot of them stayed and they're watching screens outside. I like your location better, do you agree? But this is a special guy, and normally I wouldn't make a trip, but here I have two reasons.
One was I love the state of Kentucky. And the other was that Andy Barr is a great congressman. Andy, come on up. 
Thank you. That's pretty good. Now, you know, the one thing that Andy didn't say is that she paid a lot of money for that slogan. And the morning after I came up with my little feel on it, they changed the slogan. It was gone. It was gone. But we weren't gone, because this was the single greatest movement in the history of American politics.
And our slogan was a great slogan. I think it's the greatest slogan that anybody will ever come up with. Although in two years, we have a new one, you know what that is. Ours is make America great again. Look at all these hats. And at the rate we're going, it's going to happen fast, it's called keep America great.
It's got to be that. Right? So I'm here for Andy Barr. And that's a vote for safe communities, strong borders, and Kentucky values. Andy Barr. A vote for Andy's opponent, I had to do a little checking, who's he running against? Who? This is an extreme liberal named Amy McGrath. Chosen by Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, that's a real beauty... and the radical Democrat mob.
Now, Amy supports a socialist takeover of your health care, which by the way means your taxes are going to triple if you're lucky. She supports open borders. She needs the tax hikes to cover the through-the-roof garbage that you want no part of. And she wants to immediately decimate your now-thriving coal industry.
So if you want to stop Nancy Pelosi from becoming speaker of the House -- no, we can't do that. That will not be good. Then you have to get out and vote for Andy Barr, a great man. Great man. You know, actually, I must tell you, Kentucky, you're always involved at the middle of politics. The election of Andy is a very important thing, could make the difference between unbelievable continued success and, frankly, failure, where we fight for two more years with these people, with these obstructionists.
So it's really an important race. It could be the congressman up -- I don't know if they're worried about them. They're so far ahead in their races. We don't have to talk about them anymore, right? We don't have to talk about them. We don't have to talk about them, but we were talking backstage, and they said it. This could be the most important race there is. So get out and vote.
We can't let this happen. A majority of House Democrats have already signed up for socialist health care. By the way, it doesn't work anywhere in the world. Just so you understand. It doesn't work. It's good if you don't mind waiting like five weeks to see a doctor. They come from socialist countries. Frankly, they come from Canada, because they want to use our doctors.
They come from all over the world. And we're making it now better. And they want to destroy everything that's been built, all of that great foundation. They want to outlaw the private insurance plans of 2.4 million Kentucky residents. And some of those plans are fantastic and inexpensive. The Democrat plan would obliterate Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage for nearly 250,000 Kentucky seniors who depend on it. Republicans want to protect Medicare, and we will, for our great seniors who have earned it and who have paid for it. And Republicans only will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
We're going to protect it. The new platform of the Democrat Party is radical socialism and it's open borders. Democrats want to abolish ICE and they want to turn America into a giant sanctuary for criminal aliens and MS-13 thugs. And don't kid yourself, that's what's going to happen. And they want to get rid of ICE.
They think ICE isn't nice. Did you ever see what they're dealing with? First of all, they're incredible patriots. They have a job that nobody in this group wants. They go in there and they meet the most vile, most vicious people on earth like it's a day at the office. You don't want to do it. You don't want to -- yeah, you might do it. This guy might do it. You want a job?
I'll get it to you with a -- look at this guy, this guy will do it. I'm looking at -- he might do it. You might do it. But you don't want to do it. They go in there and they liberate towns. These people came in by the thousands, and we're taking them out by the thousands. They're getting out. They're getting out.
Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. And Republicans -- and you know this, you know this -- Republicans stand proudly with the heroes of ICE and Border Patrol and law enforcement. You know that. One by one, we are finding the illegal alien criminals, predators, drug dealers, MS-13 killers, and we are sending them back home.
We are liberating America's cities and towns. That's what we're doing. The only immigration policy Democrats support is catch and release. How about that one? You catch a criminal thug, you take their name, and then you release them, say please show up in five years to court. Now, number one, it's ridiculous.
Number two, they never show up. What a mess. We have the dumbest immigration laws in the world. The world laughs at us, but we're getting them changed. We need some more Republicans. We need some votes. And if you elect Republicans this November, we will pass legislation to end catch and release. We will -- I'll tell you, have you heard the other one?
Right? Lottery. Lottery. Lottery. OK? Names, you pick them out, coming to the United States. Now, let me ask you, these countries set up lotteries. Do you really believe they're giving us their finest? No. This is a lottery. This was Chuck Schumer's special deal for this country. And we need to elect people so we get rid of it. We got -- maybe just get rid of it. How crazy.
How crazy. How -- and then you have chain migration. You know what that is, right? So we had a man, horrible person, the west side in Manhattan, where I live, where I love, right along the Hudson River. He's driving a car down this roadway where the speed limit is 35. He's going about 70. And he decides to make a right turn into a beautiful park that goes along the river with lots of people.
Many people were killed. Nobody ever talks about the people that were horribly injured. They lost legs, they lost arms. These are people that were running. They want to keep themselves in shape. They were working out. They were walking hand-in-hand together. They're dead. They're horribly wounded. Many will never, ever recover.
Now, what happens? What happened to him? It will be years of litigation. He came in, and then he took chain migration, and he brought his mother, and his father, and his brother, and his sister, and his aunt, and his grandfather. None of them working. It ended up being approximately 22 people who came in. It's called a chain.
Isn't that wonderful? A chain. And we're stuck with them. We're stuck with these people. And I don't want a chain. I want people to come into our country on a merit-based system. And I want them to help all of the great companies that are moving back into the United States. They're moving to Michigan, they're moving to Ohio, they're moving to Pennsylvania, they're moving to North and South Carolina.
They're coming in. They're moving to Florida. And, yes, they're moving into Kentucky. And with what we've done, we've become so successful that we need people to come in with all these companies that are coming in. But we want great people that love our country, that respect our country, and that want to work.
This election is about safety and it is about prosperity. Since the last election -- and these are numbers that the fakers back there, the fake news, would never have allowed me to say. They'd never in a million years, if I ever said this during the campaign, they would've had headlines. We've created over 4.2 million new jobs and lifted over 4 million Americans off of food stamps.
You know what that means? The second, food stamps. It means, number one, we get rid of an unbelievable cost. You wouldn't even believe it. But you know what else? You got a lot of happy people that are working. It's a great thing. It's a great thing. We've added nearly 600,000 manufacturing jobs. Remember, manufacturing's never going to come back?
Never going to come back, remember? The previous administration, oh, you think that's going to happen? You'd need a magic wand. Well, I guess we had the magic wand. We had the magic wand. And these are great jobs and these are important jobs. Manufacturing jobs, companies pouring back in. Manufacturing. African-American unemployment has reached its lowest level ever recorded in history.
African-American poverty has reached its lowest level in history. Hispanic-American and Asian-American unemployment has reached its lowest level in history. I can't believe I'm still saying this. I am so sorry, I apologize to the women in the room. Remember, I got 52 percent -- remember, they kept saying, he's not -- the fake news -- that's right.
Remember he said -- they were all saying he will not do well with women? Wow, did we do well with women. Did we do well. Fake news. We did really well with women. But, unfortunately, the women's unemployment, Mitch, is not at a historic low. It's only the best number in 65 years. We let down women. We let down women.
Sixty-five years, 3.6 percent. As the charts grow just a little bit, it will be historic very soon. The only reason to vote Democrat is if you're tired of winning. You know about winning. You really know about winning. Those horses win. You people are winners. I'm just afraid that Kentucky is winning too much.
 You're going to send Matt Bevin to see Rand Paul and Mitch McConnell, and they're going to all come to the Oval Office to see me, and they're going to say, Mr. President, we can't do it anymore. Kentucky is winning too much. They can't do it. They don't like it. They don't want to do it anymore.
They're going to say, we're winning so much, we just can't stand it. I'm going to say, Mitch and Matt and Rand, I'm sorry. We're going to keep winning. We're going to win more and more and more. We're going to keep winning. I'm sorry, folks. And I will send them happily back to Kentucky. You're winning a lot.
We won today. We won today with the great pastor, Pastor Brunson. Last week, I announced that we are replacing the horror show, one of the worst trade deals ever made, known as NAFTA, with an incredible, brand-new U.S. Mexico-Canada agreement called the USMCA, USMCA. And even the Democrats are saying, wow, what a good deal that is. They can't believe it. We actually, Mitch, get bipartisan support.
Can you believe it? Although, if it's too good, they won't support it. That's the problem. No, I will say, even Chuck Schumer liked it. Can you believe that one? He said that's a good deal. We've taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's abusive trade practices. China -- and I have great respect for China, we all do, and I have great respect and like him for President Xi, the absolute head -- this is an absolute head of China.
But you know what? They've been making $300 billion to $500 billion a year, taking it out of our country. We have rebuilt China. And I don't blame China. They can get away -- I blame our past leaders, because they should never have let it happen. I don't blame China. And thanks to our strong trade and economic policies, Brady Industries recently broke ground on a new billion-dollar aluminum mill that will create up to 1,500 jobs right next to Ashland, Kentucky.
You know where we're talking about, right? Right? Ashland. Under Republican leadership, we also passed the biggest package of tax cuts and tax reforms in the history of our country. Bigger than any have ever been passed. We have taken historic action to reduce the price of prescription drugs. You saw three weeks ago, Pfizer, Novartis, a lot of drug companies announced a very substantial increase.
Then I said to Secretary Alex Ocasa -- and I said to Alex Azar, this is no good. This is no good. We got to do something. I want to call them. And I called the head of Pfizer, big company -- I guess like the biggest -- big, big drug company. I called Novartis. I called the heads of these companies, and they said, sir, sir, we will immediately drop the price back to where it was.
Did you ever hear of that? And Rand Paul, it's the first time I realized how powerful it was to be the president of the United States. No, they -- they reduced -- now, I -- and by the way, I kid, but I do, I respect that they did that. I really appreciate it. And now because of what Secretary Azar is doing, you're going to see drug pricing, prescription drugs going down.
You know, we have countries -- we have countries on this planet, the exact same pill, the exact same prescription, made in the exact same factory or plant, in Canada and in other countries all over the world, is much less, sometimes 50 percent, sometimes more than that, it's much less than what Americans pay.
We're getting rid of the middleman. We're doing a number -- I'm going to be hated so much by some people in this country that made a fortune. But we're getting drug prices way down. And we started it last Friday with the signing of two bills. And something that the congressman really helped me with, all of them in the room and Andy, in particular, we help right now get critically ill, terminal patients access to life-saving treatments.
We just passed right to try. Right to try. I hope nobody has to use it in this room. But this is a person who's terminally ill -- we have the greatest drug companies and the greatest research in the world by far, nobody close. But we have a pipeline that would take 12 to 15 years to get it approved and through the pipeline.
We have that down, I think, to four years and maybe less, but we have to be careful. But if we had something that really showed great promise toward a problem that somebody had, who's terminally ill, for 44 years, they've been trying to get this passed. They couldn't. Not as easy as it sounds. Between the insurance companies, the liabilities, the country itself, the lawsuits.
So I got everybody in a room, we got to get life -- this is really important stuff. Excuse me, how many of you know friends? If they have money, they travel all over the world, begging and looking for a cure. They want hope. If they don't have money, they go home, they have no hope. And we got right to try passed a month-and-a-half ago and already it's had an incredible impact.
Incredible impact, 44 years. So now a patient is terminally ill, we have something that's looking really good, we make them sign a document, very important document, and they go in and we work with them and we see if we can help them. And we've had some incredible results already. So I just want to thank Andy Barr and all of the congressmen here and Mitch and Rand, because we got it passed.
We got it passed. But to me that was a big thing. Many, many, many years they worked on it, they couldn't get it done. We also passed veterans' choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor instead of waiting online for 12 days, for 24 days, for 38 days. We have our great veterans -- we're doing a great job with our veterans -- we have our -- but this was one of the most important things -- because they'd be waiting in line for sometimes months if you can believe it. We had people waiting in line and they weren't very sick.
By the time they saw a doctor, they were terminally ill. Now, if there's a line, if there's a way, because we have great doctors in the V.A. That's one thing we -- I'll tell you, everybody tells me. You can't get to them. Now, if there's a wait, you go to a local doctor, you get yourself taken care of, and we pay for the bill.
We pay for the bill. That was another one. That was another one. Took over 40 years. I used to say to people, why don't we do that? I thought I was so smart. I said, listen, I got a great idea. These lines are terrible, 28 days, 30 days. I got a great idea. It's the greatest idea I think I've ever had. We're going to have them go to a private doctor instead of waiting on line.
Sir, we've been trying to get that passed for 40 years. Oh, you've heard about it before? Everybody heard -- they couldn't get it passed. But we're going at getting things passed. We got it passed. Rand and Mitch and Andy, we got it passed. And the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans will be held accountable.
Jim, you mistreated our veteran, Jim. Jim, you're fired, get out. We just secured $700 billion and $716 billion, two years, to fully rebuild the American military. Bigger, stronger, more powerful than ever before, and we are giving our warriors their largest pay raise in over a decade. And at my direction -- and we need Rand and we need Mitch's help, but it's really popular -- let them know how popular this is -- you know, it's all about space.
It's all about space. Defense, offense, everything, it's going to soon be all about space. So let Rand and Mitch know about this. Ready? At my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces known as the Space Force. Now they have to do it. I put them on the spot.
I put them on the spot. Now, they have to do it. No, it's very popular. One of the biggest applause I get wherever I go is when I talk about the Space Force. And, by the way, China, already started. Russia, already started. They've got to start, but we have the greatest people in the world. We make the greatest equipment in the world.
We make the greatest rockets and missiles and tanks and ships in the world. I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. You know, when I came to office, weeks before I was given rundowns of what's happening, and Iran was just a question of when will they take over the entire Middle East?
They're not thinking about that anymore, folks. They're not thinking about it anymore. They've got a little disaster going. They have riots in the street. Their currency is shot. And they'll be coming to us some day, probably not too far out, and they'll say we'd like to make a deal. And that's fine. That's good.
But a real deal. Not the joke of a deal that was made by the past administration. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Right? Together we have made extraordinary progress, but we're just getting started. If you vote to elect Republican House and Republican Senate, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, and raise your incomes very, very substantially.
We, unlike the Democrats, will protect Medicare and protect Social Security. Remember what I said during the debates? We will protect them. We will defend your Second Amendment and protect your right to free speech and religious liberty. With your help, Mitch McConnell, Rand Paul, and all of the people that work so well with us will continue to confirm incredible pro-Constitution judges, not radical far-left judges who will rewrite your Constitution and replace your Kentucky values.
Not going to happen. Eighty-four judges -- think of that, it's a record -- it's a record -- and we actually have a lot to go, 84 judges approved. What a difference. Going to be, by the time we finish, maybe 50 percent of the court. Do you know what that is? Fifty percent. We will fully secure the border.
We will pass Kate's law, stop sanctuary cities, end the visa lottery, end chain migration, and we will keep the criminals, drug dealers, and terrorists the hell out of our country. We will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity.
But to achieve this future, to continue the greatest movement in the history of our country and maybe of any country, you need to vote Republican. For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for the great people of Kentucky.
And we are proudly standing up for our national anthem. On November 6th, I need you to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote for Andy Barr. Great man. A vote for a Republican Congress is a vote for more jobs, more wealth, and more products made right here in the good, old USA.
It's about to respect our laws and to respect the heroes of law enforcement. They are heroes. And a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democrat politics of hatred, anger, and division, and to celebrate the greatness and the glory of being an American. It is not up to the media, it's not up to the pundits, it's up to you to decide your own fate.
You have the power with your vote to defend your family, defend your country, defend your values, your faith, and to defend your dignity. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country. And together, we are taking back our country, returning power to the American people. This great state was settled by really -- I mean, how tough, how smart -- by tough, tough men and even tougher women, by the way.
But it was settled by tough men, pioneer women who braved the wilderness and defied the dangers to build a life and a home. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury. But they all had one thing in common: They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God.
These courageous Kentucky patriots did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy and destroy our proud American heritage. For the sake of our freedom, and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win.
We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to glorious victory, because we are American, and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
And together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Kentucky. Vote for Andy Barr.
Well, I hope not. We're going to find out what happened. We're looking very hard. We have a lot of very good people on it. So does Turkey, so does Saudi Arabia. We're going to find out what happened. And you will be the first to know.
We're looking at everything, Phil, that you can look at when it comes to illegal immigration. We have people that are trying to get into our country because of how well our country is doing. And, you know, in the old days, when the country wasn't doing well, it was a lot easier.
Now everybody wants to come in. And they come in illegally and they use children. In many cases, the children aren't theirs. They grab them and they want to come in with the children. So we are. We're looking at a lot of different things having to do with illegal immigration.
What should happen is the Democrats should pass good bills. This is the same situation that President Obama found himself in. He had separation, and people didn't talk about. The famous picture from 2014 that they all thought was our picture, that was a picture of young children in jail cells that was during the Obama Administration.
So we want to do whatever we can do. We have people trying to come in like never before. Our Border Patrol, ICE, law enforcement is doing an incredible job. But we're going to do whatever we can do to get it slowed down.
Well, I will say this: If they feel there will be separation, they don't come. You know, if they feel there's separation, it's a -- it's a terrible situation. We want to go through Congress, but the Democrats don't want to approve anything. They're obstructionists.
If they feel there's separation -- in many cases, they don't come. But also, in many cases, you have really bad people coming in and using children. They're not their children. They don't even know the children. They haven't known the children for 20 minutes, and they grab children and they use them to come into our country. You got some really bad people out there.
We're doing an incredible job. But the one thing I will say: The country is doing so well economically and every other way that more people want to come in than ever before. So we have to be very strong.
I do, but they have to come in legally. I want a lot of people to come in. Frankly, we need people coming in, because I have a lot of companies moving back in. Jobs are coming back in. You take a look at all of the new plants that are being built in the United States.
We have a lot of people calling me; they want workers. And we want people to come into our country. That's what people don't understand about me. But they have to come in on a merit basis. And that's what we're working out with Congress.
Chain migration is not a good thing. Chain migration is bad. If you take a look at the lottery system, that's bad. What I want is merit. I want a lot of people to come in. We have great car companies entering our country again. This hasn't happened for 35 years. We have companies like Foxconn going to Wisconsin with a massive, massive plant.
We need people coming in, but we want them to come in on a merit. We want people that are going to help us. It's very important. We want them to come in on a merit basis.
Look, as far as I'm concerned, as to whether or not it's an issue -- for those of you that didn't hear -- immigration is always tricky, but to me it's not tricky. You have to do the right thing whether there's an election or not.
I'm very tough at the borders. We've been very tough at the borders. People have to come into our country legally, not illegally. Legally. And I want them to come in on merit.
If that's a bad policy, then guess what, a lot of bad things are going to happen. But a lot of people agree with me. I would say a vast majority of our country agrees. They don't want criminals coming into our country. They don't want people that they don't want in the country that aren't going to help us as a country. They don't want these people coming in. So we have a very strong policy.
The one thing that really has changed over the last couple of years since I've been President -- our country is doing so well, even with real interest -- not with false interest rates. Zero interest. Anybody can do well with zero interest.
But our country is doing -- we're the hottest country in the world, economically, by far. You take a look at us compared to China, compared to everybody else, we're the hottest country in the world. A lot of people are trying to come in. Our border security, our ICE, our law enforcement is doing an incredible job.
You have children coming in, and they're coming through Mexico, and they are unaccompanied. They have no parents. They may be back in the country that they came from -- Honduras and a lot of other countries -- or they may not.
But you have many people coming up, many young children -- I mean, really young children -- and they're pouring in through Mexico. And we're taking care -- they have no parents. Or their parents aren't in Mexico. In most cases, not in Mexico. They're from other parts of the world.
It's really a humanitarian tragedy, and we're taking care of it. But this isn't a case where people are coming up with children -- coming in with children. People are grabbing children and they're using children to come into our country, in many cases.
Well, I have to see what happens. I mean, you know, a lot of work is being done right now. I have to see.
Now, one of the reasons it was my first pick is, if you remember, it was $110 billion of military that they were going to buy, but they were going to invest $450 billion in our country through the companies. I think you were there. And all of these -- Raytheon, and General Electric, and General Motors -- they were there getting contracts for $25 billion, $30 billion, $40 billion. Nobody has ever seen anything like it. So when you say that was my first country, that was my first country because no other country is going to be investing $450 billion. $110 billion in the military. It's a lot of money.
China wants to make a deal. China would love to make a deal. I don't think they're ready yet.
I just don't think they're ready yet. They've made too much money for too long. What they've done to our country is take out anywhere from $300 billion to $500 billion a year. Rebuilt China.
I have great respect for China and for President Xi in particular. We'll probably make a deal, but I don't think they're ready. They want to make a deal. They are not doing well. If you look at their economy, the Chinese economy is not doing well. And we're doing very well. We're doing better than we've ever done.
But I told them a week ago -- they want to come in, they want to make a deal -- I said, you're not ready to make a deal.
I haven't named the new White House Counsel. But over a short period of time I will.
Pat is a great guy. I don't want to say it, but he's a great guy. He's very talented, and he's a very good man. But I don't want to say yet.
Well, I don't talk about that. I just say this -- any everybody knows it: No collusion. There never was. There never will be.
I don't understand your question.
Well, there are many other things we can do. But when we take away $110 billion of purchases from our country, that hurts our workers, that hurts our factories, that hurts all of our companies. You know, you're talking about 500,000 jobs.
So if we do that, we're really hurting our country a lot more than we're hurting Saudi Arabia. They'll go to Russia, they'll go to China. They'll make the order. The equipment is nowhere near as good as our equipment; they know that. Our equipment is the best in the world. But they'll go to China. They'll go to Russia. They'll order equipment. We're just hurting ourselves.
So we would do something that doesn't have to do with that, in my opinion. But we don't know. We don't know. Nobody knows, right now, the answer. We're looking for the answer.
Well, I have to find out what they did. Right now, Turkey is very deep into it. We're in constant communication. And frankly, other countries are looking at it too, including us. And we'll get to the bottom of it. So we'll have to see.
The U.S. is very much involved. We want to find out what happened.
We've had people speaking at the highest level. And I didn't want to call until we had enough information. Now I want to call. So probably over the next 24 hours.
Who's going to Kentucky? Are you going to Kentucky? You'd have a great time. I hear 93,000 applying for 10,000 seats. There's something going on, Phil. This reminds me of '16. It reminds you of '16 too. Something going on.
I'd like to. We'll see. Look, I want the most talented person. But I'd like to. Nikki was terrific. We are looking. We have some -- a lot of people want that job. It's a great job. A lot of people want it. We have some incredible candidates. Probably over the next week or two weeks, at the most.
No decision. But really some great, talented people, some of whom you know very well. I'm shocked that they haven't leaked it out yet, but that's okay.
I think we have leverage over everybody. We have the strongest now -- we have the strongest military in the world, by far. But we'll never have to use it, because it's so strong that nobody can even compete with us. And we have the strongest country economically since I took over.
You know, we've gained $11 trillion in worth. China has lost many trillions of dollars. We've gained $11 trillion in worth. So we're, by far, the strongest military of any country in the world. And economically, we blow everybody away. Thank you all very much.
So, we have good news. Pastor Andrew Brunson is in the air, from Turkey. He's, I think, in good shape. He'll be stopping, most likely, in Germany for a full check-up. And he's going to be coming to the Oval Office, most likely on Saturday.
But we're very honored to have him back with us. He suffered greatly, but we're very appreciative to a lot of people, a lot of people. So, Pastor Brunson's in the air, heading to Germany, and then coming to the U.S.. He'll be landing, on Saturday, most likely Saturday, in D.C.
Well, we spoke to Turkey, and he went through a system, and we got him out. They've been trying to get him out for a long time.
Well, this has nothing to do with anything, there was no deal made, at all. But we're very happy to have him, and have him in good shape. I hear he's in very good shape. We'll see you over at the rally.
Well, we're going to find out what happened with respect to the terrible situation in Turkey having to do with Saudi Arabia and the reporter, and nobody knows quite yet, nobody's been able to put it all together. People are starting to form ideas, and as they're formed, we'll let you know, but it's certainly a terrible thing.
Well, I think a lot of records are overlooked. If you look at Iran, if you look at so many the other countries. If you take a look at Syria, if you take a look at a lot of countries, a lot of countries' records have been overlooked, but this is a very serious thing, and we're looking at it in a very serious manner. Okay, and we'll see you. We'll have a big crowd.
I have not. I have not called him.
I will be calling. I will be calling at some point King Salman. You know, you're -- you're right in the way of that camera behind you. I'm sure they -- they think you're a very good-looking guy, but maybe not from that good from the back, right? Alright. So go ahead.
I'll be speaking to him. Yes, pretty soon.
Well, I can't tell you. I will say that they are looking very hard and fast, and not only us. A lot of people are looking to find out, because it -- it is potentially a really, really terrible situation. So we'll see what happens.
No, I don't know if it's any closer than other relationships that people have. We have a lot of very close relationships with a lot of countries. But this is a serious problem. Thank you.
Well, I guess a lot of people are going over to an investment conference anyway. And he actually called this morning, and he will make that determination. But he was partially over there anyway. A lot of people are going over to the investment conference. We'll see what happens. Maybe some won't be going. We'll make that determination very soon, okay? We'll see you over at the rally.
Whoa, whoa.  I love Ohio. It's great to be back in Ohio. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. This is a truly great state with thousands of hard-working, wonderful, beautiful American patriots. Beautiful. Under Republican leadership, America is being respected again. And all of those thousands of people that aren't under the shell that is standing out there, look at you.
Look at you. They're getting very wet. Thank you. Thank you, all. Thank you. There are thousands of people that can't see a thing. In other words, you're better at real estate than they are, but that's OK. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. I'm really proud to report that earlier today we secured the release of Pastor Andrew Brunson from Turkey.
He is now free from jail and he is in the air, heading to Germany, where he'll get off for a brief check, and I think he's going to be in great shape. And then he's coming to Washington, D.C., tomorrow, and we'll say hello to him. Went through a lot, you know? All about Pastor Brunson. He went through a lot, but he's on his way back.
We've done that with a lot, right? We've had a lot of success. North Korea, Egypt, remember? We bring a lot of people back, and that's good. They want to come back to our country, and they're coming back to our country. Tonight, every American heart is with our fellow citizens affected by Hurricane Michael.
Sounds like a very nice name. That was a vicious hurricane. Whether it's in Florida or Georgia or Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, a lot of areas affected, but we just want to give everybody our love. That was a devastating power that hit -- among the most powerful hurricanes ever to hit our country.
It was devastating. But they'll rebuild. They're strong. They're great people. And just God bless you all. Thank you. My administration has been in constant communication with the state and local authorities all over the various states. When we're in trouble, we pull together, we pull together like nobody.
We're here tonight to discuss the extraordinary achievements that we've made together in -- can you believe it -- less than two years? It's been Republican leadership and we are here to make sure that our amazing progress continues full speed ahead. Because America is booming. America is thriving. And America is winning, really winning again.
And we are viewing now for the first time in many decades a phenomenon called so simply America first. And it's about time. It's about time. Right? About time. It's about time. The unemployment rate has just fallen to the lowest level in more than 50 years. Manufacturing confidence just announced has reached an all-time high.
Think what that matters. Think what that is, confidence, confidence. The people of Ohio have confidence. Can tell you that. No, but think of it. If you remember the previous administration said manufacturing jobs... Other than that, you like them very much, right? But remember, they said manufacturing jobs, they're gone, they're dead.
Remember the expression, you'd need a magic wand to bring them -- bring them back? We're bringing them back. I guess we have the magic wand. They're coming back. And they're coming back from Mexico, they're coming back from Canada, they're coming back from everywhere, because they all want to be where the action is. They all want to be in the USA.
That's where we want to be. That's where the jobs are. We are now the hottest country anywhere in the world. All across...  By the way, I wish the cameras would get this crowd. This crowd is incredible. Look at the cameras back there. It's like the Academy Awards. Look at this. How would you like to have to do this every night?
No, no, how would you like to have to do this every night? And one little mistake, one little mistake and they try to destroy your entire career. Boy. No, I mean, look at this. Seriously, look at -- look at the magnitude of it. Look at the number of the media back there. Look at that. Fake news. Fake news.
Fake. You go back and they'll say, did he say -- did he say this? Or that? Or this? That's OK. You know what, we've learned how to live with them. We've learned how to live with them. We don't like it, but we've learned. All across Ohio, steel mills are reopening, and we are putting our coal miners back to work.
One of the things we're most proud of - look, steel was dead. Steel was dead. I came into office, steel was a dead business. Now they're opening up plans, U.S. Steel, Nucor. They're opening up plants all over the country, big ones, new ones. We're taxing the hell out of the dumpers. You know, you had the dumpers that were hurting your steel industry?
And you know what happens? After the industry dies -- would have died within two years. After it dies, they would come in and they would charge you three times more money. Nobody says it, but that's what happens. So we're going to have beautiful new American-made steel... It's not going to be mud or it's not going to be sand steel.
You know they put garbage in this stuff they were dumping. We don't even know what's in it. It's going to be U.S. steel. It's going to be American steel. We're going to get the iron ore from our mines, right, beautiful. They're opening up again. Our mines are opening up again. Metallurgic coal, but our miners are back to work.
We don't need outsiders telling us about our steel industry. It's incredible. Seriously, it's incredible what's happened. It's hot as a pistol. After years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation, which is what we want. And this has been...  So this has been a really historic week for America.
Really historic. And by the way, our magnificent first lady, Melania... just returned from an incredibly successful trip to Africa. It was an incredible trip. And she came back, and she told me so beautiful, so beautiful, and yet such incredible in some cases poverty. They need help. They definitely need help.
It's both beautiful and sad. It's got every kind of emotion. But you probably saw her travels. They were really incredible. And it opens your eyes to what's going on around the world. You're all very lucky in Ohio. That I can tell you. That I can tell you. Thank you. And on Monday night in the East Room of the White House, we achieved a tremendous victory for our nation, our freedom, and our Constitution.
America watched as we proudly swore in the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. Did he get treated badly and unfairly or what? Horrible. And I'll tell you what. He's done us a tremendous service, what -- the way they treated him, I've never seen anybody treated like that.
But he's done us a great service, because we are more energized as Republicans that ever -- I think ever before. I think ever before. We just got poll numbers for some of the Senate races. And you look at some of these Senate races where we weren't even going to contest. It's a Democrat that's in. We were figuring in -- you know, we're winning with candidates that are -- we're winning.
We're beating people that we weren't going to contest. So it's been amazing. Because people realize how important the Supreme Court is. And we could have two, three, maybe even four more choices, and we have to be able to get the votes to put them through. Go out and vote November 6th. From the moment Brett Kavanaugh was announced, an angry Democrat mob was on a mission to resist, obstruct, delay, demolish, and destroy him.
And before they even know -- I'll tell you, you saw it. Before they knew his name, they were saying horrible things. They didn't even know who was going to be the pick. He wasn't picked. I didn't know who was going to be the pick. And they were saying horrible, horrible things. These are bad people. We can't let this happen to our country.
Republicans believe in the rule of law, not the rule of the mob. That's what it is. It's a mob. The people of Ohio can save America from radical Democrats. They've become radicalized. I mean, Pocahontas, Elizabeth Warren, seriously... No, no, seriously, she's becoming mainstream. You believe that one? We have to elect a Republican House and a Republican Senate.
We need the votes. We need the votes. And, by the way, for the people of Ohio, early voting starts right now. You got to get out. Vote early. And then anybody that votes early, you can leave. The hell with you. That's -- you know, I worked in Cincinnati, Ohio, two summers. I loved Ohio. I loved Ohio. I shouldn't tell you this, but I used to travel a lot to Kentucky.
Does anybody travel to Kentucky? Right? No, I -- I like Kentucky. But I traveled to Kentucky when I spent a lot of time in the Queen City. I love the Queen City. We had a job, Swifton Village, Swifton. Does anyone ever hear of Swifton? And it was a great experience. It was a successful experience. I did it with my father, one of my earliest things that I've done, and I guess it's sort of like if you get your first up as a hit, you're a hitter, you hit, you sink the 10-foot putt on the first hole.
But we had a great success in Ohio, and I've never forgotten it. And then they said -- remember, for months before the election, you cannot win without getting the great state of Ohio. Right? And I got the great state of Ohio. And I love the great state of Ohio. We got it. We got it. Remember? They used to say that every time.
I used to hear it. I have fantastic people in Ohio that did a job for me. Bob Paduchik, where's Bob? I had just a great group of people. They did incredible work. But they constantly would say on these phony networks, you cannot win unless you win the great state of Ohio. And then they started doing polls, and I was way up. And I think we won it by 9 or 10 points.
A lot. We won it by a lot. In fact, you know the way, if it's close, they have to take hours and hours and hours, right? So with Ohio, I'll never forget, they said the polls have closed in Ohio. Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio. Crazy. We won Ohio by so much that it took one second before they called it, OK? We won by a lot.
It's a great place. And by the way, have I produced? Look at what's coming into Ohio now. Have we produced? I produced and you produced. If Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats... take control, they will try to raise your taxes, impose socialism on this country, take away your health care, and take away your jobs.
We have more people working now than ever before. They want to take away -- that's what will happen. The Democrats want to erase America's borders and let drugs, gangs and crime pour into our country. In fact, I've been going around lately saying the Democrats are the party of crime. And nobody even challenges me, not even the fake news media.
They don't even challenge me. Republicans are the party of safety and Republicans are the party of jobs, jobs, jobs. And that's what's happened. And we're honored to be joined tonight by many terrific Ohio Republicans, including Republican Party Chair -- I have to say, this woman is incredible, because, you know, I got dropped just before the election by the head of the Republican Party.
I've never been dropped in my life. And a woman came in who is a very successful person with a great family. And she took that thing over. What a job she's done. Her name is Jane Timken, and she is very special. Where's Jane? She's incredible. Thank you very much. And a man who said, oh, you're going to win, you're going to win, and I said, well, how do you know?
So I had five people to choose from to head up my campaign in Ohio. And one name, I don't know, I liked the name, I liked the sound of it, his name was Bob Paduchik. Why do I like that name? Why? It's not outstanding. But he came in and he did a job, and I had the support of the people, but not the support of a lot of others.
And he just said, you're going to win. And every time I called him up and say, you know, this happened, that happened, he said, that's OK, you're going to win by more. This guy's the most positive guy. So I want to thank Bob Paduchik. So good that we moved him over to the RNC, but, Bob, in about a year from now, get ready.
You're coming back here. Thank you, Bob. And we have a friend of mine who's an incredibly respected man in the United States Senate. When he speaks, we all listen, including the president. He really is. He's a great, great guy. He's loved in Ohio. Senator Rob Portman. Where is he? Thank you. He's a respected guy.
Thank you, Rob. Congressman Warren Davidson and Congressman Brad Wenstrup, thank you. Thank you, fellas. Great job. So many things we passed in Congress. Those two guys were there with us. Thank you very much. What a job they've done. We're also joined by your next lieutenant governor Jon Husted. Jon, thank you.
Thank you, Jon. And I hear you're up a little bit, Jon. We've got to get that over, because you're going against a very bad guy. I'll tell you, he's a bad guy. And everybody -- I'll tell you, Jon is with a friend of mine, and they decided to get together, which is very smart. Instead of going like this to each other, they got together, and Jon is running with your next governor, Mike DeWine... And Mike and Jon are running against Elizabeth Warren's far-left disciple, Richard Cordray.
Jon, am I allowed to say some bad things about Cordray? Because let me tell you, he did such a bad job at the agency that he ran. It was terrible. He was hurting people. And I think he enjoyed it. No, really. I really believe he enjoyed it. He was putting people out of business. They weren't loaning money to the people that they were supposed to. It was terrible.
Cordray spent $250 million federal dollars trying to renovate a headquarters, his agency, that they didn't even own, more than twice what the entire building was worth. They didn't own it. And then it became a big scandal. But because it was a Democrat, the fake news didn't want to write about it. Then after spending like $50 million on some elevators, it turned out that they didn't work.
If Cordray were ever -- and I'll tell you what, this is a Pocahontas dream to get this guy elected.  I can't believe -- you know, I know Ohio pretty well, right? I've done a lot for the steel industry. More than anybody's done in many, many -- I mean, you speak to U.S. Steel, they'll tell you.
A lot for the miners, a lot for everybody. This guy does not belong in the state, folks. OK? First of all, he's a super liberal. Why do you do that? Why do you do that -- is he -- OK, go with DeWine, please. And Jon. Cordray would be an absolute disaster for Ohio. He doesn't know what the hell he's doing.
I couldn't wait to get him out. We tried so hard. You know, you had one of these deals that you couldn't get him out. But we tried so hard. And they've done such a great job since we got him out. He was bad. You don't need him in Ohio. Now, I'm thrilled to introduce the next United States senator from Ohio, Jim Renacci, who's a great guy and a great friend of mine.
Jim, come up. Come up. Come. This is a good man. Nothing's easy about politics, but I'll tell you what, he's in there fighting, and just get out and vote for him. He is a good, good friend of mine and a good man.
Thank you. Thanks, Jim. It is true. Sherrod Brown's never voting for us. He didn't vote for anything that we want. Yet I hear he goes around -- he does the best commercials. In fact, I just want to think, is he a Republican? He's doing these commercials that he likes Donald Trump. He'll never vote for us. He didn't vote for Justice Kavanaugh.
He didn't vote for tax cuts. He doesn't vote for us, folks. I mean, it might be nice for him to say he agrees with my economic policy when he's never going to vote for it. So you're just kidding yourself. He voted yes on amnesty for illegal aliens. He voted yes on deadly sanctuary cities. We started building the wall, and we've made progress, but he voted against it.  So illegal immigration takes American lives, American jobs, and American taxpayer dollars.
A border wall, which is moving faster than anybody would believe... is truly a life-saving barrier against deadly floods of drugs, crime, smugglers, traffickers, cartels. Our brave border agents want a wall. They need a wall. It's happening. It's moving. We have made so much progress. We will finish the wall.
If you want more jobs and less crime, if you want to stop Schumer from running the Senate... we need the vote of Jim Renacci. We do. Jim is a good person. He's a great guy. We need his vote! You know they say we have a majority. But if somebody has a cold, they can't come in, we don't have a majority anymore.
We got to get people. We've got to get some Republicans so we can vote. Finally, it's my privilege to introduce a tremendous Ohio Republican. We're here for him tonight. A great friend of mine, he's fought so hard for everything we've done. He's a true fighter for the state, Congressman Steve Chabot. Great guy.
Come up, Steve. Come up, Steve.
Thank you, Steve. So just remember, a vote for Steve Chabot is a vote to protect your family, your jobs, and your country. Now, Steve's winning. Nice poll numbers. But don't take any chances. Get out and vote, please, OK? No chances. We don't want to hear about any upsets. He's a great, great guy. If you want to stop the radical Democrats, if you want to stop Nancy Pelosi from becoming speaker -- can you believe it -- and you have to get out and vote for Steve.
Also at stake in this election is Medicare. Democrats have signed up for a socialist takeover of American health care that would utterly destroy Medicare and Rob our seniors of the benefits they paid into their entire lives. Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it and they've paid for it. And the Democrats want radical socialism, and they want open borders where everybody pours into our country.
It's what they want. I don't get it, but that's what they want. Does anybody want that? Open borders. The new platform of the Democrat Party is to abolish ICE. Think of that. I'll tell you what, the incredible men and women of ICE are not treated properly. They're not treated properly. They do an incredible job.
The Democrats want to turn America into a giant sanctuary city for criminal aliens, MS-13 killers, and anybody else that wants to come in. We're not going to have it. We're not going to have it. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. This election is about safety and is about prosperity.
Since the election, which is incredible. If I would have said this, I've been to Ohio so many times, been to every part of Ohio. The people are great. But if I would have said this, the fake news would have said, how dare he say that. Since the election, we've created over 4.2 million new jobs... and lifted over 4 million Americans off of food stamps.
Big deal. That's a big deal. We've added nearly 600,000 brand-new beautiful manufacturing jobs. Right? African-American unemployment has reached its lowest level in the history of our country. And African-American poverty has reached its lowest rate ever, lowest rate ever. My -- that's a big number, right?
How do they beat that number? How does anybody beat that number? We're going to have these people come in. For over 100 years, they've claimed and they've wanted and they've said -- they've lied to African-Americans. Remember my statement, what do you have to lose? Guess what? They all believe it now. What do you have to lose?
They're doing -- we are doing great as a country. But I'm so proud -- I am so proud of the kind of numbers you're hearing. My administration is fighting every day to deliver safety, opportunity, and justice for everybody, for everybody. We're asking as an example all African-American voters to honor us with their support this November.
Get away from the Democrats. Get away from the Democrats. They've done nothing. They've done nothing. Think of it. We have the best numbers in history on employment and unemployment and median income and many other things. And I think we're going to get the African-American vote. And it's true. Kanye West, what he did was pretty amazing yesterday.
Pretty amazing. And you know who else was with him? A guy you know well, big Jim Brown. Big Jim. What do you think Big Jim would be making today in the NFL? He was unstoppable, right? Unstoppable Jim Brown. He was a great football player and is an even greater man. He's great. Hispanic-Americans and Asian-Americans likewise have the lowest unemployment in the history of our country.
And women unemployment just fell to 3.6 percent, which is soon to be changed to historic levels, but right now, I'm sorry, it's the lowest in 65 years, OK? Sorry! Sorry, women! I let the women down. The only reason to vote Democrat is if you're tired of winning, right? Tired of winning. Last week, I announced that we are replacing the horrendous NAFTA -- NAFTA was a disaster, folks -- NAFTA was a disaster -- with the incredible, brand-new, U.S.-Mexico-Canada trade agreement, the USMCA.
It's opening up Canada, opening up Mexico for our farmers, our -- everybody. We've taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's unfair trade actions and trade abuses. And thanks to our tariff, and especially on steel that's been dumped all over this country, the Ohio steel industry and the U.S. steel industry is roaring back to life and soon will be hitting its most successful years ever.
Very serious. And you see it. You see it all over this state. Under Republican leadership, we passed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. And by the way, Sherrod Brown voted against them. We reduced high-dose opioid prescriptions by 16 percent during my first year and now they're dropping much lower than that.
And I'll soon sign into the law the largest legislative effort in history to address the opioid crisis where just this year we got $6 billion from Congress -- thanks to Rob Portman and a lot of others -- thank you, Rob -- but Rob and so many others helped. Very little Democrat support. We also passed veterans' choice, the V.A. Giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor and the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans, who we couldn't fire, we couldn't do anything about it, we now look at them and say, Jim, you're fired.
Out. Get out. True. True. We secured $700 billion and $716 billion for the second year to fully rebuild the American military, which had to happen. We needed it. And much less importantly, when it comes to the military, every bit of equipment is being built in the USA. That's the only place where jobs are secondary.
Number one, we needed the equipment. But it's all being built here. We make the greatest military equipment in the world. At my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces called the Space Force. Very important. Very important. That's very important. Hate to say it, but very soon, that's where it's going to be at. It's going to be space, everything, defense, offense, everything.
And we have tremendous support from Rob and the Senate. I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal, and look what happened to Iran. You know, when I took office, Iran was all over the place. They were taking over Syria. They were taking over Yemen. They were taking over everything.
I actually said, this is going to be a problem, and we've got to do something. And about four months ago, we withdrew from that horrible, ridiculous deal. And you take a look what's happening to Iran. There's riots all over the streets, all over the cities. It's a whole different ballgame. It's a whole different country.
And it's looking real good. Looking real good. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and reopened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Together, we've made unbelievable progress, and we're just getting started. We have so many other things. If you vote to elect Republican House, Republican Senate, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, and raise your incomes very, very substantially.
We will protect Medicare and we will protect your Social Security. The Democrats cannot do it. We will continue to confirm judges who interpret the Constitution as written. We will fully secure the border. We will pass case law, crack down on sanctuary cities, end the visa lottery and chain migration, defend the ballot box for American citizens, and throw vicious MS-13 gangs the hell out of our country, like we're doing right now.
You know, I say it to people, MS-13 gang, vicious, horrible people. We're throwing them out of here by the thousands. But you know who's doing it? Do we love law enforcement or what? But you know who's... But ICE, in Long Island, where I sort of grew up -- I was right next to these areas. I know them so well.
You had towns that were practically taken over by MS-13. And ICE goes in like it's a day in the office. And they're tougher and smarter that these wise guys. And they start throwing them in the paddy wagon, throwing them in, get the hell out of here. And you know what? The towns are liberated. The people are clapping from windows.
The people are clapping all over the streets. These towns, like a country that was invaded and taken over and then was liberated. These towns are being liberated of the MS-13 garbage that came into our country. Under the previous administration, by the way. And they came in by the tens of thousands -- well, we have set every record on getting them out.
And I want to tell you, there's nothing that gives me more pleasure. And for all of the companies that are moving back in to the United States, we will finally have a merit-based system of immigration. Not just lump -- not a lottery, pick them out of a hat. Who the hell are they? Who is he? Pick them out of a hat.
We're letting people come in on merit, where they can help you, where they can help these companies grow. Right now, we have a system, lottery, a lottery. Think of it, lottery. Oh, pick 'em, I wonder? What people do you think these countries are putting in? Do you think they're putting in their finest? I don't think so. I don't think so. So we're going to end it. We're going to have a merit-based system.
Bring them in through merit. We're lifting millions of people from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. And you see that happening. But to achieve this, you have to get out November 6th or vote early and vote Republican. We need the votes. We have to have those votes. For years and years, you've watched as your leaders apologized for America.
They apologized for America. Now you finally have a president who is standing up for America.  I have to tell you, I wish these fakers back there, the fake news, I wish they'd turn the cameras and show behind them, show outside these walls. Look at the people out there. It's amazing.
Look, they never turn the cameras. I go home, I say to my wife, how did the crowd look? They only show your face. They never move the camera. But you know what? She can tell by the sound, because... True. She can tell by the sound, because, you know, if you have, like, let's say, one of the normal presidents walk in. We've had a lot of normals.
And some great ones. You'd have, what, 300 people show up. But you can tell by the sound, because 300 people cannot make the sound of thousands and thousands and tens of thousands like that. They can't do it. So even though they refuse -- you know, normally I'd like it, but I don't. They don't want to move the camera.
The only ones that become famous are about six people right behind me.  They don't have the best seat in the house, but they're going to become the famous ones. No, but, honestly, you know, I know what stadiums sound like, and this sounds like on television we're in the middle of an Ohio State football game.
It's what it sounds like. It's what it sounds like. And speaking of Ohio State -- they're not doing too badly, are they, huh? Great coach. You have a great coach, great guy. Great guy. We're standing up for your values. We're standing up for Ohio. And we are proudly standing up for our national anthem. But to continue our momentum, I need you to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and vote Republican, vote early or on November 6th, vote Republican.
Vote for Steve Chabot, Jim Renacci. Vote for DeWine. We need DeWine. We got to have DeWine. Where the hell is Jon? Are you over there, Jon? He's still here. He'll never leave. You got to vote. We need a governor here -- you cannot let this happen to Ohio. This Democrat is a disaster. A proven disaster. Vote DeWine.
He's a good man, and a good man, too. You've got two good men. A vote for a Republican Congress is a vote for more jobs, more wealth, more products made right now in the USA, which is what we're all about. It's a vote to respect our borders, respect our Constitution, and respect the heroes of law enforcement.
Thank you, law enforcement. And a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democrat politics of hatred, anger, and division. You've seen that. You just saw it with a high-quality, highest quality, this incredible man. You saw it. Brett Kavanaugh, you saw it, what they did to him and his family. And his young, beautiful daughters.
Right? Da Nang Dick, Da Nang Dick, how about Da Nang? Da Nang Dick. Cory Booker, he ran Newark into the ground. Senator Dianne Feinstein, how about that? How about that? Seriously.  Who think that Dianne Feinstein leaked the papers? Who thinks... She was very unprepared for that question.
No, I didn't -- she was very unprepared, right? Very unprepared. Dianne Feinstein. You know, what they did to this man, he will go down along with Justice Gorsuch -- and, by the way, how good is Clarence Thomas? How good? How good? He's going to go down as one of your greats. It's up to the people in this incredible -- I don't know if you call it a room.
I don't know what the hell it is. All I know -- is this a room or a roof? I think it's a roof. Whatever it is, there are a lot of people. But it's up to you, folks. You have the power with your vote to defend your family, your country, your values, your faith, and to defend your dignity. So we had the greatest movement in the history of our country.
We really did. We really did. You know, they can say what they want, but nobody even challenges it. You know, I'll say that a lot. And usually, if there's, like, a 2 percent variation, the fake news will hit me the next day. Trump exaggerated or something. Actually, we've under-exaggerated, because we've produced more than I ever promised during the campaign.
More. But we had the greatest -- but look at the -- look at this. Look at this group. We had the greatest -- and we never -- by the way, I hate to disappoint you, but we went to Mississippi, we went to Missouri, we went to Nevada, we went to -- every place, and we have crowds, we have tens of thousands of people outside of every arena.
They have to start building larger arenas in this country, right? Something is happening. And I saw this in the election. We'd go -- I'll never forget -- we went to Michigan, final stop. I got there 1 o'clock in the morning. There was actually Election Day, 1 o'clock in the morning. There were 32,000 people.
I see some people there, they were there. It was unbelievable, 32,000 people. I started speaking at 1 o'clock in the morning. I got home at 4 o'clock in the morning. And I said, you know, we had 32,000. Crooked Hillary had, like, 500. And I said, why aren't we going to win the great state of Michigan? And guess what?
We did. We did. And it hadn't been won in decades by a Republican. And now they like me even more. You know why? Because car companies are moving plants back in. And just so you don't feel too lonely, they're moving the plants back into Ohio also. A lot of them. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country.
And together we are taking back our country. We're returning the power back to the incredible American people. Ohio is the state that gave us a great president who hasn't been properly recognized, OK? William McKinley has not been properly recognized. What he did in terms of trade, in terms of war, but in terms of trade -- and I hate to say, in terms of being smart in tariffs, William McKinley has not been properly recognized.
But maybe someday he will. It also gave you a general, who was incredible. He drank a little bit too much. You know who I'm talking about, right? So Robert E. Lee was a great general. And Abraham Lincoln developed a phobia. He couldn't beat Robert E. Lee. He was going crazy. I don't know if you know this story.
But Robert E. Lee was winning battle after battle after battle. And Abraham Lincoln came home, he said, I can't beat Robert E. Lee. And he had all of these generals. They look great. They were the top of their class at West Point. They were the greatest people. There was only one problem. They didn't how the hell to win.
They didn't know how to fight. They didn't know how. And one day, it was looking really bad. And Lincoln just said, you -- hardly knew his name -- and they said, don't take him. He's got a drinking problem. And Lincoln said, I don't care what problem he has, you guys aren't winning. And his name was Grant.
General Grant. And he went in and he knocked the hell out of everyone. And you know the story. They said to Lincoln, you can't use him anymore. He's an alcoholic. And Lincoln said, I don't care if he's an alcoholic. Frankly, give me six or seven more just like him. He started to win. Grant really did. He had a serious problem.
Serious drinking problem. But, man, was he a good general. And he's finally being recognized as a great general. But Lincoln had almost developed a phobia, because he was having a hard time with a true great fighter and a great general, Robert E. Lee. But Grant figured it out, and Grant is a great general, and Grant came from right here.
Ulysses S. Grant. Ohio is the state that gave us the Wright Brothers. It gave us Neil Armstrong. He's the man that planted the flag -- think of that -- on the face of the moon. Who's that? Who are they -- a relative of -- oh, that's nice. They weren't worried about not planting a flag, right? You know them.
He planted that flag, that American flag right on the face of the moon. There was no kneeling. There was no nothing. There was no games. There was no games. Boom. Wrong, right? Right, fellas? My military guys up here. Of course, my -- excuse me. Excuse me. My military folks all over this arena. And how do you like the fact that the V.A. now has choice, right?
I said it. But, you know, I skip over it. For 44 years, they've been trying to get choice, and we got it done. That means instead of waiting for 10 days or 5 days or 22 days or 33 days, or 2 months, our great veterans, some of them would be fine, just not feeling so good by the time they saw the doctor. It took so long, they would have a terminal illness.
That's how bad it was. And I got done what they'd been trying to do for 44 years, I think. Forty-four years. Now when they have to wait, they go out, they get the services of a good private doctor, we pay the bill, and they're all better, and that's nice. Forty-four years. It took 44 years to get that done.
I'm just saying that because I see these great military guys. That's pretty much appreciated, fellas, right? That's a big difference. It's a big difference. Made a lot of people very happy. Probably cost us less money. I don't care about that in this case. I care about taking care of our veterans. It's about time.
Generations of Ohio workers farm the fields, poured the incredible steel, fought the battles that made America into the most powerful and prosperous nation in the history of the world. We lost our way. But now we've gained our way back again, bigger and better and stronger than ever before. These courageous Ohio patriots did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy and destroy our proud American heritage.
We didn't do that. For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. That's all we're going to do is win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down.
We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory. Because we are Americans. And our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
And together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Ohio. Thank you. Thank you.
We have thousands of people lined up, so we wanted to make this stop.  It would be very unfair. You have thousands of people who started coming last night, so we're going to do that and, we got a lot of happy people. In the meantime, we have it very well covered in Florida, from the White House, from here, from what's on the plane, and we'll be back very shortly. But it would have been very very unfair to thousands of people who we'll see over there. How are you?
Nice to see you. So I'll see you over at the place. You all going over there?
No, I think the Fed is, making a mistake. They are so tight. I think the Fed has gone crazy. So you could say that, well, that's a lot of safety. Well, that is a lot of safety, and it gives you a lot of margin. But I think the Fed has gone crazy. Okay? 
No, I think it's good. Actually, it's a correction that we've been waiting for for a long time. But I really disagree with what the Fed is doing. Okay?
Well, she's certainly being considered. She's done a great job. She was with us, as you know, for a long time. Been with me from the beginning. She's certainly excellent, but she's one of four or five . It'll be good. Nikki did a great job. We have four or five really great candidates. I'll see you all, are you going over?
Hello, Pennsylvania. Hello, Pennsylvania. Great people. Incredible people. And I'm thrilled to be here tonight in Erie, Pennsylvania, with thousands of loyal, hard-working, and beautiful American patriots. That's what you are. Before we begin, I want to send our thoughts and prayers of our entire nation to everyone in the path of Hurricane Michael, especially in the Florida panhandle, where it's hitting and hitting hard.
It's a big one, one of the biggest we've ever seen. All of Pennsylvania, all of America sends its unwavering love and support. My administration is working closely with Florida Governor Rick Scott and the governors of North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia, anybody else affected, to provide the full resources and steadfast support of our federal government.
We are... We're all set to go. We're going to follow it right in. We have massive amounts of water and food. And we have the electric companies, thousands and thousands of electrical workers, they're going to follow it as it leaves. We're going to follow right behind. Help the situation. Everyone's working in close coordination with local officials.
And I'll be traveling to Florida very, very shortly, so we just want to wish them all the best. And Godspeed. Godspeed. God bless you all. And you know -- and I speak because so many of my friends are here with us in Pennsylvania, we will spare no effort, no expense, no resource to help these great fellow citizens of ours that are going through a tough time right now.
We know when Americans face hardship, we support each other, we stand with each other, we care for each other, and we will always pull through. It will be successful. We will always be successful at what we do. Florida, Georgia, Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, again, two weeks ago, and now they're going to get a lot more water coming in. That's what they don't need is water right now.
These are great people. Tonight we are going to discuss the extraordinary achievements we've made for our fellow citizens in less than two years' time. You know, it's been less than two years. All those beautiful red hats, Make America Great Again... And we will discuss the next steps we must take to protect this amazing progress and to continue building an even greater future for all Americans.
That's what's happening. You look at what's going on. It's been incredible. I said the other night -- and you know that these folks will dispute us if we're wrong. But this has been the greatest revolution ever to take place in our country. Here we are. The greatest ever. I remember, during the primaries and prior to the election, they were saying, wow, this is -- this is something not -- there's been nothing like this since Ronald Reagan.
Then it kept going and going and going, and then we actually won. In Tennessee, I remember a great Congressmen Duncan, they said, he said, sir, early voting. He said, sir, they're coming from the hills, the valleys, people that haven't voted for a long time because they didn't want to vote for the people that were running for office.
And they've got Trump banners and Trump hats and Trump tattoos. I've never seen anything like it. All about you. And he was right.  And then after that, they said, well, we have to go back further than Ronald Reagan, so they talk about Andrew Jackson and said, let's see, the 1830s, that's a long time.
And then they said on election night that this superseded even Andrew Jackson. So you won it. It's yours. And we're doing well. We're doing well. We are producing and doing even better than we said we would. It's been amazing. This election is about your families, your values, and what kind of country you want to leave for your children.
This election is about keeping America safe, keeping America strong, keeping America proud, keeping America free. And this has been a historic week for our nation. And you know what I'm talking about. You know, all my life I've heard that a president's most important decision is who he or she picks for the United States Supreme Court.
And as you know, on Monday night, we proudly swore in the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. Justice Kavanaugh now sits alongside Justice Gorsuch... to defend your rights, your Constitution, and your God-given freedom. Two great men. They will go down as great, great justices of the Supreme Court.
You watch. What the radical Democrats did to Brett Kavanaugh and his beautiful family is a national disgrace. It's a disgrace. What they did was a disgrace. You look at Cory Booker, the way he talked, and then you look at what he did. You look at Senator Dianne Feinstein, what she did. The disgraceful behavior.
The disgraceful leaking of documents. You look at what they did. You look at the false charges. You look at the false accusations. It was a disgrace. It was a disgrace! And people were saying, thank you, sir, for sticking and thank you for not giving up. You know what? I never even thought of it, folks. I never even thought of it. Never even thought of it. But on November 6th, you can vote to reject the Democrats' shameful conduct by electing Republican House and, really, we need it badly, we need these votes, a Republican Senate.
Under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving, and America is winning like never before, because we are finally putting America first. Just two days ago, the unemployment rate has fallen to the lowest level in 50 years. It was just announced that manufacturing confidence is at an all-time high.
Historic. Big thing, confidence. You remember the previous administration? They said, oh, you can't bring back manufacturing jobs. Really? You can't bring back... That was wrong. Remember they said you'd need a magic wand. Well, we've got -- I guess we have, right -- we have a magic wand. And those are our great jobs.
And we are unleashing the power of Pennsylvania shale and clean, beautiful Pennsylvania coal, beautiful, beautiful, clean coal. We are putting our miners back to work. We are putting our steelworkers back to work. And by the way, I don't know how many people are in the steel industry, but one of the hottest industries -- and this was dying.
The steel industry was dead and dying. One of the hottest industries right now in our country is American steel. U.S. Steel is opening and expanding seven different plants and spending a tremendous -- billions of dollars doing it. And what does it mean for you? Jobs, jobs, very simple. What does it mean for our country?
What does it mean for our country? We can't lose the steel industry. The steel industry was on its last legs, and now, after four months of really intensely doing what I do... it's thriving. It is thriving. It's amazing, actually. It's amazing. You got to have steel. You know, you need steel for defense.
You got to have steel. Supposing you don't have steel and we do have a problem defense-wise. You going to call China, please send us some steel? And aluminum is doing great again. These are things we have to have. But beyond that, it's tremendous numbers of jobs already taking place. The head of U.S. Steel said he's never seen anything like it. And what did we do? We essentially stopped the dumping.
They were dumping garbage all over our country. It wasn't even good. It was sand steel. It was rotted steel. It was garbage. They're dumping it all over our country. So now we can take our own metallurgic ore out of our mines that we can bring it here and to other places, and we can actually have our industry.
We don't need this product coming in untested from other countries. We don't need it, folks. We've got it here. We don't need it. And you watch what's going to happen with jobs, and you watch what's going to happen with price. Very proud of that industry. After years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation.
But if Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats... take over Congress, they will try to raise your taxes -- we've lowered them tremendously -- impose socialism, which is where they're coming from... and take over and destroy American health care. And you see how well we're doing with health care. You see it. Democrats want to abolish America's borders and allow drugs and gangs to pour into our country unabated.
And I say this, and I mean this. The Democrats are the party of crime. That's what's happening. They are the party of crime. Republicans are the party of law, order, and justice. And we are also the party of jobs, jobs, jobs. You see that. We're thrilled to be joined tonight by several really terrific friends of mine, Pennsylvania Republicans, including a man that's helped me so much in Washington, like tax cuts, like regulation cuts, like many other things, Congressman GT Thompson.
A man who's really doing well, if you believe in polls. I believe in polls. Only the ones that have us up, because they're the only honest ones.  Other than that, they're the fake news poll. Fake news. Fake news. You know they take these polls, they show them, I said, that can't be right. What they want to do is keep you out of the voting booth.
Take your wife, take your husband, go to a movie, come back, watch the results. You say, you know, I love so and so, but the polls say he can't win. Darling, let's go to a movie tonight. We'll go home and we'll watch -- and that's what happens. They talk you out of it. They're dishonest. just like their reporting is dishonest, their polls are dishonest.
Not all of them. Not all of them. No, not all of them. But many of them, and I saw it. I saw it. And yet there were some that got us very right on that great, great evening. Was that the most exciting evening of our lives? Remember, we won Florida? And remember John King, nice guy at CNN, fake news, CNN... Remember, early -- it was early, and we won by a lot.
We won Florida by a lot. Remember the red, right, the red, beautiful red. I never liked red so much.  Against the blue, I didn't like blue.  And the whole map is like red. And he's going crazy. But early, Donald Trump has won the state of Florida. Oh, my gosh. Donald Trump has won the state of Florida.
Oh, that was upsetting to him. Remember when they said that Texas would be long, it would be a long call, go late into the night, because they said it's just going to be too close to call? So the polls closed at 8 o'clock, and they never call them early unless you win by a landslide, right? So the polls closed.
The polls have closed in the state of Texas. Donald Trump has won the state of Texas. Right? Which other one? Utah, remember it was so -- it was so close, Utah. They had a guy that I never saw before. I don't know. There's this guy. Do you know who I'm talking about? And they had crooked Hillary, the three of us. And this guy was supposed to come in second, but I was going to be -- it's going to be very close.
Maybe I could edge, but this guy was going to come either first or second, and crooked Hillary was supposed to be third. So, the Utah, great people. We just gave over millions of acres of great space, public space to Utah. So what happens? What happens? So they say, oh, for weeks I'm hearing how close Utah is. So the polls close at 8 o'clock.
Eight o'clock and three seconds, Donald Trump has won... the state of Utah. We won it by... And on top of that, this guy came in third. He didn't even come in second. Crooked Hillary came in second. A long ways away. Long ways. Remember? Anyway. But was that the most exciting night? Was that the greatest?
Well, if you look at it, when you think of it, there was collusion between Hillary, the Democrats, and Russia. There was collusion. There's no question about it. There was a lot of collusion with them and Russia and lots of other people, by the way. But so you remember -- so we win Florida, then we had a -- you know, to win the Electoral College is very tough.
The other is easier. You go to three or four states and you work, and you do -- but to win, got to be smart. You're right. You got to be smart. Got to be smart. You got to -- and you have to have great support. This is our support. But you got to run the whole East Coast. If you're a Republican, it's very, very hard.
Electoral College is much harder than anything. Remember, they said, there is no path. I heard this so many times. I said to my wife, oh -- our first lady, how's she doing? Good? I said to Melania, I said, I've heard there is no path, there is no path to 270. Right? How many times have you heard that? Thousands?
I've been hearing it for months. There is no path. And I kept going -- I love this state -- I kept going to Maine, for one, because they had -- maybe, if I have a great night, 269. Of course they could never say I could get to -- so I kept going to Maine five times, because I wanted to get one, and I ended up getting the one in Maine, but I also got Michigan, and Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania.
Remember that? Remember that? And what angered me, because I love this state, and I went to school in this state, right? I went to school in this state. I love Pennsylvania. I went to school in this state. Great place. Great people. What angered me is Pennsylvania hasn't been won for many years by Republicans, but every Republican thinks they're going to win Pennsylvania.
They didn't quite get it. But I got it. The workers, I got it. Every Republican -- I used an expression. You know, there's an expression, but under the rules of "Me, Too," I'm not allowed to use that expression anymore. Can't do it.  It's the person that got away. See, in the old days, it was a little different.
Pennsylvania -- I'll just do it anyway. I would do it, except for these people up there. They would say, did you hear what President Trump said? Did you hear what he said? So there is expression, but we'll change the expression. Pennsylvania was always the person that got away. That's pretty good, right?
The person that got -- and for many years, nobody -- no Republican won Pennsylvania. And -- but they always thought they were going to. Pennsylvania, great. And then they lost it by a lot. I said I know we're going to win Pennsylvania, but all night long, they had one point. But if I lost every single vote in Pennsylvania, I was 99 percent of the vote cast, and I said, will you please project Pennsylvania?
Let Pennsylvania be the state where I win this election? I was winning North Carolina, South Carolina. We won Florida. We were doing -- we were running the East Coast. And I kept saying, why aren't they -- and ask them. Ask them. Why aren't they announcing Pennsylvania? One point left, 99 percent of the vote cast, right?
Ninety-nine percent of the vote cast. One point left. If I lost every single vote, I won Pennsylvania by a lot. I kept saying, why aren't they announcing Pennsylvania? I thought it must be some kind of a technical malfunction.  So they didn't do it until late in the evening. It stayed forever. I kept going, why aren't they announcing?
I'd love to win with Pennsylvania. But honestly, then what happened? Out of the blue, Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin. And then out of the blue, first time in decades, Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan. And then finally they announced, late in the morning, which we knew they just couldn't do it. They couldn't do it. They just couldn't. Donald Trump has won the great state of Pennsylvania.
They didn't do it that way. They didn't do it that way. They didn't do it that way. They did it with tears flowing down their face. This can't be happening. Can this -- did you see some of them crying? And we were all crying, too, out of happiness, right? Because there has never been anything like what we all did.
OK? We did it together. And now we're doing great trade deals. We're fixing our military. We're taking care of our vets. We are doing so much. We're cutting regulations. So you have a congressional candidate running, taking the place of a fantastic person. You know who that is. But you have a man named John Joyce who's running, and he's way up in the polls, but don't let that fool you.
Get out and vote. Get out and vote. John Joyce. Where is John? Thank you, John. State Senators Dan Laughlin and Michele Brooks, and your next governor of the state of Pennsylvania -- I'll tell you, this guy is working hard, folks. He said he did 631 events. I said that's a lot.  I'll tell you, he's a really good man and he's a hard-worker, and I know it's a tough race.
But based on competence, based on everything, very successful guy. Successful businessman, which we like. Scott Wagner. Scott? And maybe the best thing I can say about Scott Wagner is that Judge Jeanine thinks he's fantastic, OK? That might be the greatest endorsement. And I -- you have my full endorsement.
That might be the greatest endorsement I can give you, Scott. Judge Jeanine. I'm especially thrilled to introduce a terrific Pennsylvania congressmen. He's been a friend of mine for a long time, long before I did this whole political thing. A congressmen came up to me the other day, he said, sir, I've been winning for many years and I'm a proud congressmen.
I've won many races, 10 to be exact. I've only lost three. I said, you lost three? Yes, a long time ago, when I was young. And I'm very proud, I'm a real professional. I said, you know, I've never thought of it that way, but I've only ran one time, one... It was for the presidency. And we won the presidency, right?
We won the president. Now, I had to do it, because he was bragging about his political career. This wasn't Mike Kelly, by the way. Somebody else. And I had to do it. I said, I never thought of it that way, but I ran one time, and we won. OK. And it's also the presidency, right? So, you know. But a man that's been a friend of mine for a long time, he's a tremendous man, and his name is Congressmen Mike Kelly.
He loves you people. And just like your other congressmen, and John Joyce, just like your other congressmen, Mike is strong on crime, tough as hell on borders, powerful on trade, and he is really great on jobs. You see what he's doing. Mike was leading the fight, along with JT and the others, in Congress to cut your taxes, which we did at a level that they haven't seen before, cut regulations, and to protect American workers and American steelworkers.
We're going to dredge the channel to Lake Erie. And we're going to replenish the sand to Presque Isle. Do you know what Presque Isle is? Presque Isle. They've been talking about that for a long time. Mike keeps calling, sir, we want to fix up Presque Isle. I said, Mike, what the hell is Presque Isle?  He said, sir, it's a beautiful beach.
I had a picture sent to me. There's no sand. That's what he wants. He wants sand. And we're going to get him the sand, OK? We're going to get him the sand. So, he's a great guy. You got to go vote for him. Let me just invite just for a couple of seconds, Mike, please, come on up. 
What do you think of that, folks? And, truly, look, he's in good shape. You see that. How would you like to be his opponent?  But still, you never know. A vote for Mike is a vote to make America great again. It's very simple. I want to introduce another congressmen who has been a friend of mine, also, for a long time.
And he had a very sad day yesterday. He lost his brother. He lost his brother. And he loved his brother like crazy. I said, how close? He said the closest. And a very, very strange, horrible thing happened. And he doesn't want to talk about it. But I will tell you it's a hard thing for him. And he loves this state, he loves the people.
He's been an incredible congressman. He was a politician and various things. He went on to become a great congressman. He is so respected in Washington. And the only bad thing when he said he's going to do this, at my suggestion, I said, Lou, I'm telling you, you can win. And he said, well, if you think it's important.
It was really at my suggestion. In other words, I got him into this.  It could have been for the rest of his life. He could have been a congressman. But he's a special man. He's a total winner. And he had a rough time the last few days. And something else happened on top of that. But I'm honored to introduce the next United States senator from the state of Pennsylvania, my good friend, Lou Barletta. 
That's great, Lou. Thank you very much. He's a great man. He's really -- he'll be a fantastic representative for you in Washington, D.C. Got to get out and vote.  So while Lou is fighting for you, Bob Casey is fighting to protect violent criminal aliens. That's what he's doing. Bob Casey voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities that released thousands upon thousands of illegal alien criminals and vicious gang members to prey on Pennsylvania streets, to prey all over this country.
He'll do it. For example, the sanctuary city of Philadelphia, can you believe this? Could you believe that one? That one I didn't expect to be hearing -- released a criminal alien who was recently convicted of raping and battering a very young child. Bob Casey defends criminals while attacking our brave ICE agents.
He wants to get rid of ICE. Let me tell you about ICE. These are tough, brave people that love our country. These are people that MS-13, they're afraid of ICE. They don't like seeing ICE. And if we don't have ICE, you'll pay a big price. These are great people. These are great people. Lou Barletta and the Republican Party will always stand for the heroes of ICE, Border Patrol, and our great, great law enforcement.
These are great people. Bob Casey even voted against Kate's Law, named for Kate Steinle, who was gunned down by a five-time deported illegal alien, should have never been in our country. Bob Casey puts criminal aliens before American citizens, always has. By the way, how do you have such a liberal guy in the state of Pennsylvania?
I'm trying to figure that out. Oh, he's banking on the name of his father. That's no good. Which is why he needs to be voted out of office. He has to be voted out of office. Casey also voted against tax cuts, against Pennsylvania coal. He joined the left-wing mob by voting against Brett Kavanaugh. If you want to save American lives, and save American jobs, and keep things going like they're going now, which is better economically than any time in the history of our country... then you need to vote for a pro-American patriot, and he really is a patriot -- he loves this country -- named Lou Barletta.
Get out and vote please.  Also at stake in this election is Medicare. Democrats support a socialist takeover of health care that would totally obliterate Medicare. Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it and who have paid for it all their lives.
And we will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. We're going to protect people that need help, people with pre-existing conditions. If you want security for your family, for yourself, if you want to continue our great economic boom like we've never seen before, but it's all very fragile, it can end, they want to end it, then you must go out and vote Republican.
We need those votes in D.C. Since the election, as Lou has said, we've created over 4.2 million new jobs and lifted over 4 million people off of food stamps. We've added almost 600,000 new manufacturing jobs. They were supposed to be gone forever. African-American unemployment has reached its lowest level in history.
History. That's in history. Think of that. In history. It's got its best level on unemployment. Think of that. African-American poverty has reached its lowest rate ever recorded in poverty. Hispanic-American and Asian-American unemployment has always reached historic lows, lowest in history. And as I always say -- I'm sure you've heard it, I hate to say it again because I know the number is going to be changing very soon, it's going to be even better, women's unemployment has just fallen to 3.6 percent, which is only the lowest rate in 65 years.
I'm sorry. I keep saying it. I keep waiting for that number. I'm sorry, I'd like to apologize to the women, please. Sixty-five years, best in 65 years. I keep waiting for the new number to come out, because that will be history, too, just like African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American. Women, it's only the best number in 65 years.
I'd like to apologize. But it's very true. Women. Women for Trump. Women for Trump. Remember how badly I was going to do with women? I said, am I so bad? Remember how badly? And then I got 52 percent of the vote! And everybody said he beat crooked Hillary. What happened? What -- remember that? Remember they put up these phony numbers?
But you remember that? We did very well. Thank you to the women. We did very well. She never got it. The truth is she never got it. And she still doesn't get it. She's going around on a tour. Did you know this? Did you know that? I said, you should have saved it for the election. After years of being let down by Washington politicians, you now have a champion fighting for you in the White House.
But I need your help this Election Day, November 6th, to stop the radical Democrat mob from trying to take it away. And they're going to try and take it away. They're going to try and take it away. I need you to show up at the polls to continue this incredible movement, like the country has never seen before, like probably very few countries, frankly, have ever seen before.
The only reason to vote Democrat is if you are tired of winning. Then you should vote Democrat. For many years, our country was being pillaged and plundered by unfair trade deals. Pennsylvania lost 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs -- you know it well -- I spent lots of time with you folks up here. You know it well -- following the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance, pushed by us, into the WTO, World Trade Organization, perhaps the only deal worse than NAFTA.
We got 'em both. They were both beauties, weren't they? But the era of economic surrender is over. America is not being taken advantage of any more. Sorry. America is respected again. America is respected again. Last week, I announced that we are replacing NAFTA with an incredible brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement called USMCA.
I didn't want to use the word NAFTA. To create jobs that boost incomes, Republicans passed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. We've taken historic action to reduce the price of prescription drugs. Did you see -- did you see four weeks ago when Pfizer and Novartis and other drug companies raised the prices of their drugs very, very substantially?
And I didn't like it. And I called them. I said, you can't do that. You can't do that. And the first time -- and I give them credit. And I really thank them, too, honestly. But first time in history, they rescinded their price increase and they kept it the same, and they promised no increase for a substantial time.
But we're going to get them down. And when I called them up and they agreed to immediately rescind, perhaps that's the first time I realized how powerful it is to be the president of the United States. That was pretty -- that was pretty good. But I give them a lot of credit, and I appreciate it. We're going to get the prescription prices down, though.
We just signed new legislation today, and there's more coming, because you are being ripped off. You know, for the same pill, for the same drug, for the same company that makes it, the same package, you go to other countries, and you'll pay half and you'll pay less than half. It's a rigged system. You remember what else I called rigged?
I call plenty of things in this country rigged, but we're straightening it out. But it was a rigged system. Plenty of things rigged. And to help critically ill patients access life-saving treatments, we passed something called right to try. People that are terminally ill were given no chance, no hope. We have incredible drugs in the pipeline that can cure really horrible, horrific disease.
We wouldn't let anyone use these drugs because they didn't want to hurt them, but they're going to die. They're terminally ill! I said, what are we doing? And two months ago, I signed right to try. Somebody's terminally ill, we can try. And we've had great success. We've had great success. And by the way, in all fairness, you also find out whether or not it works.
Not so bad. Right to try. You know what it did? These people, if they had money, they'd travel all over the world looking for a cure. If they didn't have money, they'd go home. There was nothing -- they had no hope. No -- they had no hope. Now they have great hope. We make the greatest products in the world.
We make the greatest medicine, and we'd have hope. And some incredible things have already happened with right to try. They've been trying to pass it for 40 years. We got it passed, and that's because of your congressmen. That's because of your congressmen. That are with us tonight. We also passed veterans' choice.
Giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor. Right? Our veterans. Forty-four years, they tried to pass it. When I first heard about it, I mean, it's not like I was studying it for my whole life. But I heard about it three-and-a-half years ago. I said, I have an idea. Let's -- when they wait on line for 10 days, 22 days, 38 days, you have to see, months and months, why don't we let them go see a private doctor and we paid the bill?
It will solve our problem. And I told everybody: I am the most brilliant guy in the world. Who else would think -- who else would think of that? So I go back to my people. I say, listen, I have this great idea. We can get these great vets to see the doctors. It's taken -- like 10 days was good. But some of them were ill, but not terribly ill.
It took them so long, they would literally become terminally ill. It took them weeks and weeks to see a doctor. So I went to my people and I said, what an idea this is! They said, actually, sir, we've been trying to get that idea passed for 44 years. I'm good at getting things passed. We signed it three months ago.
For our vets. And the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats our great veterans can be held accountable. In other words, they're immediately fired. Not easy to get passed. They've been trying that one for about 46 years. We got that one passed, too. You think that was easy, getting that by -- I know you have a lot of union guys here.
But do you think that was easy getting that by the unions? Do you think that was easy getting that passed by civil service? Not too easy. We got it passed. Somebody does something bad to our veterans, we fire them on the spot. And we secured $716 billion to fully rebuild the American military. And we gave our great warriors their largest pay raise in almost a decade.
At my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force. Very important. It's where it's at. That's where it's going. We want to always be the best. I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. And I've recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
Many, many presidents talked about they were going to do it, and they never had whatever it takes to do it.  And I understand why, because there was a lot of pressure on that one. There were a lot of forces saying don't do it. I say, excuse me, get lost. But we did it. For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Pennsylvania. We are standing proudly for our national anthem. I need you to get your friends, get your families, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote Republican. Vote for Lou.
Vote for Mike. Vote for all of these great people here. A vote for a Republican Congress is a vote for lower taxes, less regulation, and more products made right here in the USA. It's a vote to respect our borders, respect our Constitution, and respect the heroes of law enforcement. And a vote for Republicans is the vote for safety, opportunity, prosperity, and justice.
It is not up to the media or the pundits to decide your fate. It is up to you. It is up to the people of Pennsylvania. It is up to the people of our country. You have the power with your vote to defend your family, your country, your values, your faith, and, indeed, to defend your dignity. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power back to the American people where it belongs.
Pennsylvania is the state that rang the Liberty Bell, forged the railroads, and put steel into the spine of our country. Generations of Pennsylvania workers manned the furnaces, farmed the fields, and fought the battles that made America into the most powerful and prosperous nation in the history of the world.
Unfortunately, years ago, they lost their way, but we have gotten that way back. These courageous Pennsylvania patriots did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy and destroy our great and proud American heritage. For the sake of freedom, for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win.
We will not bend, we will not break. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory. Because we are Americans, and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
And always remember, together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Thank you.
Hello, Iowa. It is great to be back in beautiful Council Bluffs with thousands of hard-working, great, great American patriots. Thank you.  This is truly a historic week for America.  And you know what I'm talking about. Of course, yesterday at the White House, we proudly swore in the newest member of the United States Supreme Court, Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
And today, Justice Kavanaugh took his seat alongside of Justice Gorsuch to defend your rights, your Constitution, and your God-given freedom.  And I want to thank our incredible Republican senators for refusing to back down in the face of the Democrats' shameful campaign of political and personal destruction.
I especially want to thank an Iowa legend, whose backbone and leadership made this great victory possible, Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, a very tough cookie, Chuck Grassley. Thank you, Chuck.  Thank you. Great man. Great person. From the very first minute Brett Kavanaugh was nominated, radical Democrats were on a mission to resist, obstruct, delay, demolish, and destroy -- they wanted to destroy that man, because they want to destroy me, too, but that's OK.  Me, we understand.
Him, how can you do that? They want to destroy everything. That's all they're good at, resisting. Their whole campaign is to resist. Ours is to create.  What the Democrats did to Brett and his beautiful family is a national embarrassment, a national disgrace. You see what's happening and you see where they're coming from.
You see. Including the phony protestors that got paid...  ... and now they want to protest because they didn't get paid yet, and they want their money.  So now they're going to really protest.  You see, that's a real protest. But in just four weeks, you will have the chance to render your verdict on the Democrats' outrageous conduct.
On November 6th -- and you can do early voting in Iowa. Go. Just vote. Get it over with.  Vote. Go vote. Early voting started today. Right? Today. Early vote. Go do it immediately. Then you don't have to listen to me any more tonight.  In fact, if you did early voting already, go home. Have a good time. Thank you.
We'll let some additional people from outside in, right? Nah, that's not going to happen. Got a lot of people outside. Look at this place. You believe it?  It never changes. Could I ask the cameras to just take a swoop of this room, please? Do you mind? Come on.  They don't like to do that. They don't like to -- they like to keep that camera dead set on me and about six people in the background.
All wearing hats saying "Make Farmers Great Again."  And we're doing it. I shouldn't -- we're a little bit early. I shouldn't say it now, but we're going with E15 year round, OK?  I made that promise to you during the campaign. I made that promise to you during the primaries. Remember? I made that promise.
Promises made, promises kept.  Right? On November 6th, you have the chance to stop the radical Democrats by electing a Republican House and a Republican Senate. So, we need the votes.  We have a majority that if one person has a cold, we have to hold the vote. I mean, can you -- we don't have -- it's like we hardly have a majority.
We need votes.  Early voting is now underway. And you know that. You got to get out. Early voting, go out now and vote. Leave here now immediately. Is it still open? Yes, get the hell out of here. Early voting.  And in their lust for power, the Democrats have become totally unhinged. They've gone -- they've gone crazy.
No, they've gone crazy. Now the Democrats -- or as some people would says, the Dims -- the Dims -- who says that? Lou Dobbs, the great Lou Dobbs. He says that, right? Sean Hannity says that. The Dims. Sean Hannity.  Judge Jeanine says that, doesn't she?  Laura -- Laura, how good has Laura been, right?  We got a lot of good people.
Do we like -- do we like Tucker? I like Tucker.  He says that a lot. How about Steve Doocy? How about Ainsley, Brian? We got a lot of great friends.  The Democrats are even talking about doing really bad things now to Justice Kavanaugh. You know what they're talking about? And packing the courts with radical judges to overrule the will of the American people.
It's not going to happen, folks. Not going to happen.  Last week, they're saying we'll impeach him. Impeach him for what? For what?  Besides that, I have to go first, right? Don't I have to go...  Even though we've done nothing wrong, other than create one of the greatest economies in the history of our country...  That will be interesting.
You get impeached for having created the greatest economy in the history of our country. The best job numbers in the history of our country, just about, right? The greatest trade deals, which we've just finished, in the history of our country.  The biggest regulatory cuts by far already in less than two years, bigger than any other president during their entire term or terms...  The biggest tax cuts and reforms -- you got a lot of money back -- in the history of our country.
But the Democrats have become too extreme. And they've become, frankly, too dangerous to govern. They've gone wacko.  They've gone so far left that they consider Pocahontas to be a rational person. No, it's crazy. Elizabeth Warren.  Oh, I hope she runs. I hope she runs. Then we can finally get down to the fact as to whether or not she has Indian blood.
So far, she's not doing too well. Her mother says she has high cheekbones. That's why.  And she's gotten a lot of advantages by falsely claiming what she's claiming. So I hope she's one of the finalists. But I don't want to knock too many of them, because maybe by doing I'll knock them all out early and I'll actually end up somebody that's -- like, that's got some talent.
That wouldn't be good. So we have to be nice and quiet.  I should be really quiet, really, really, quite on the bad ones. On the bad ones.  Like, we won't talk about Cory Booker, who ran Newark into the ground.  We won't talk about Da Nang Dick...  ... who tried to convince people for 15 years that he was a great war hero.
They were going down left. They were going down right.  Right, you know who that is? Blumenthal. He said they were going on my left, they were going down -- he was in Da Nang Province. Except the one problem. It's hard to be there, because he was never in Vietnam, but these are minor details.  And then he gets up. He goes, I demand total honesty and transparency.
I'm saying, what's -- he wants honesty. Great war hero. He's a great hero.  Yeah. Right, how about -- how about Senator Feinstein? That's another beauty.  That's a beauty. Did you leak the documents? Well, what, what? No, I didn't do it. Did we leak? Did we leak?  No. No. No, we didn't -- did you ever see -- no, she goes no. He just said, no, we didn't leak.
  And I think they're talking about Feinstein. Can you believe that? Now, was that the worst body language, honestly? In other words, did she leak it? A hundred percent.  No, no, I don't want to get sued. Ninety-nine percent. See, now I can't get sued. Now I can't get sued.  You don't hand matches to an arsonist, and you don't give power to an angry left-wing mob.
And that's what the Democrats are becoming.  They would turn our country so fast into Venezuelan -- and Venezuelan is not doing too well, folks. If you want to drain the swamp, you must defeat the Democrats, so you're going to have one hell of a swamp.  Under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving.
And America is winning again like never before, because we are finally putting America first.  The national unemployment rate has fallen to 3.7 percent. You believe that one?  3.7 percent, the lowest in 50 years, five-oh, 50. And it's going better. It's going better. Iowa's unemployment rate is 2.5 percent, among the lowest in its history that we can find.
And by the way, we need people helping you. We need people coming in. We need people to run the farms. We're going to have people coming in. But they're going to come in legally, and they're going to come in through merit, through merit. It's called the merit system.   And we've built the wall -- we're building the wall.
We've started. A lot of it's getting done right now. We got $1.6 billion. Another $1.6 billion. And another $1.6 billion. I want 'em to give us the money so I can build it -- we can build it in a year. But we've done a lot of it. It's going up right now.  But, you know, the Democrats feel that that's one thing we really want, we got our money for the military, $700 billion.
We got our money to help us out with the opioid crisis, $6 billion.  But when it comes to the wall, they feel we want it so badly, but we keep getting big chunks and we keep building that wall. And it's under construction. And we're going to get it finished sooner than anyone would believe. And if you could get me some Republicans, we'll get it done quickly.
Quickly.  I mean, when I have to ask Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters...  ... Maxine Waters, can we build a wall, Maxine? No, I don't want that wall built. She doesn't want a wall built. Can we build it? How about -- how about Pelosi? We want to build a wall. No, I don't want that wall built.  Look, Iowa manufacturing jobs are growing at the fastest rate in more than 20 years.
And if you remember...  ... the last administration, without mentioning names, the last administration said manufacturing jobs, they're dead. They're gone. We have 600,000 have come back since the election.  Six hundred thousand. More Americans are now working than ever before. Think of that. At this point today, this day, we have more Americans by far working -- right now working than have ever worked in our country before.
Isn't that great? That's a big number. That's a big number.  Today I kept another major promise, as I said, to the people of Iowa and Nebraska and other countries.  Wait. Hey, wait a minute. I got to do that again. I got to do that again. I love Nebraska. You know we won Iowa, we won Nebraska...  But they said, sir, you're speaking in Iowa, but we'll have some people from Nebraska there.
What the...  Like I said, Nebraska...  OK, so -- and we have both. By the way, we have both great governors here.  And I did that just in case. So, ready? I'm going to go Iowa first, then I'm going to go Nebraska. I just want to see who the hell I'm speaking to.  OK? Because that was a little shocking what I just heard.
So I'm going to go -- I'm just curious, OK? Iowa.  Nebraska.  Unbelievable. So they said, sir, you're speaking in Iowa, there may be a few people coming in from Nebraska. I don't think that's right. Great going, fellas. Great going. I'll tell my staff, great going, fellas.  Doesn't matter. We love both. Who cares, right?
Who cares? We love 'em.  All I know is you've got a lot of farmers in both, right?  And my administration is protecting ethanol, all right? That's what you want to hear.  Today, we are unleashing the power of E15 to fuel our country all year long. Not eight months. All year long.  The Dems will end ethanol.
You know that. They're not going to approve ethanol. They will take it away as -- we'll try and make it, like, so they can't do it to -- but they will find a way to take it away if you give them rights. You better get out there and vote for Republicans.  We've also achieved another historic victory for Iowa farmers and ranchers, by replacing the job-killing NAFTA with an incredible brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the USMCA.
But if Democrats take control, they will try to reverse our amazing progress and plunge our country into gridlock, frankly, into poverty, ultimately into chaos. That's what's going to happen.  And we've never had it like it's been now. We've never had it like it is now. Look at all the money you people are making.
What are you going to do with it?  Democrats want to raise your taxes, impose socialism, dismantle law enforcement...  ... eliminate ICE...  ... and get rid of American borders. You want to get rid of the borders, right? You won't have a country.  And I've been saying this, and I mean it. Democrats are the party of crime.
They are. Republicans are the party of safety. We are also the party of jobs, jobs, jobs.  Now, we're thrilled to be joined tonight by a number of terrific Republican leaders. Iowa Congressman Steve King...  Where's Steve? Where is he? Where is Steve? Where is he? I wish he could get a little bit more conservative.
Can you believe this guy? He may be -- we're all -- he may be the world's most conservative human being.  Thank you, Steve.  And I supported him long before I became a politician. Do I have to use that term? Am I a politician?  Thank you, Steve. And another great, great gentleman, so much help to me, Congressman Jeff Fortenberry.
Thanks, Jeff. Great job. Thank you. They're always with us. They are -- those two, always with us.  Another friend of mine, got to know him during the primaries, got to know him during the election. We took this state by storm. He helped. But I did even better than him. You know, you still need a -- you still need a product, right?
But we did great. And we love the people of Iowa. We took Nebraska equally.  By a lot. By a lot. That wasn't close. Iowa GOP Chair -- friend of mine -- Jeff Kaufmann. Thank you, Jeff.  Thank you. Thank you, Jeff. Great job, Jeff. Get ready, Jeff. We're coming back soon, Jeff. And from Nebraska...  ... where's Tom Osborne, huh?
Where is he? Where's Tom Osborne?  And I don't know Tom Osborne. All I know -- it's "Tom Osborne," right? All I know is for years all he knew how to do is win, win, just win.  I mean, how good a coach was that guy? You know, there's a guy -- again, I don't know him, never met him. But it's called no talk, all action.
Isn't that nice?  Now, what you did every year, you won. Better get going, Nebraska.  But we have a governor who's done a fantastic job. He's so into so many different things, including cutting your taxes, and we have him with us, Governor Pete Ricketts. Pete?  Great guy. Great. I think they like you, Pete.
Vote for Ricketts. That's November. Right? Vote for Ricketts. He's got an opponent that doesn't have what you need, but still you never know. You got to get out there and vote, right, Pete? You have a vote. Great job, Pete.  And Congressman Don Bacon...  Incredible guy. Great job, Don. He's always there.
He's always there, Don Bacon. He's always there. Thank you, Don. Great job. Appreciate it. Every time we needed him, he's there. Thank you.  And Nebraska GOP Chair Dan Welch. Thank you, Dan. Thanks, Dan. What a great group. And I am especially thrilled to introduce a person just to come up for a second to say a couple of words, because she has become a real star in the Republican Party and in politics.
Kim Reynolds, she fights every day for the people of Iowa. And she always delivers and -- wow, does she have my endorsement. She's incredible. Kim, please come up. Kim Reynolds.  Kim Reynolds.
Wow. Good energy. That's what you need, good energy. Thank you, Kim. Great. By the way, Kim's opponent this November is a radical Dem named Fred Hubbell. He's got some problems. He's weak on crime, weak on borders, doesn't want any. Only wants to massively raise your taxes. He wants to take away your ethanol.
What I'm giving you, he will take, very quickly. Wants to devastate your farms and businesses with an avalanche of job-killing regulations that we just got rid of. Everybody get out and vote for Governor Reynolds on Election Day. Finally, I want to introduce another great Iowa Republican, Congressman David Young.
When you said, David -- he's a great guy -- he's another one, fellas, he's with us, he's with us all the way -- when you said, David, to Congress you voted to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, tax care of our veterans -- our veterans, we love 'em. Veterans' choice. We got veterans' choice. After 44 years, we got veterans' choice.
He voted -- thank you very much. He voted to secure our borders, stop the visa lottery horror show. Can you imagine it? This is legislation. They put names in a bin. We picked names. Do you think we're -- they're putting their finest? We get these people -- a lottery, can you believe? We want a merit system.
We don't want a lottery system. We want a merit system. And we're going to get it. And we're on our way to getting it. Need a few more votes. We got to get some Republicans. And he voted -- and he -- believe this is somebody -- he's not into the American military, but we are. We are really into the American rebuilt military.
But David is a true champion of the military. He loves our military. He loves our vets. David, get on up here, David. Come up. Come here. Remember this. A vote for David is a vote for me and our agenda to make America great again. David, come up.
Thank you, David. A vote for David's far-left opponent, Cindy "Tax Me"... Remember that name, Cindy "Tax Me". It's a very good name, actually, for her. I guess it's actually Axne. But we call her "Tax Ne". That was so easy. I didn't hear that one, but I don't know if anyone's thought of it, but that's like a natural.
Is a vote for the radical agenda of Pelosi and Schumer and, of course, Maxine Waters. "Tax Me" opposed our massive tax cuts. That's why her name. She was born with the right name. And she wants a socialist takeover of health care, which is going to destroy our entire city. Cindy Axne is totally controlled by Pelosi and the extreme Washington liberals who are bankrolling her campaign, totally bankrolling her campaign.
If you want to stop Nancy Pelosi from becoming -- can you believe this -- the speaker of the House? Then you need to vote for David Young, who is a terrific, terrific guy. Terrific guy. And you also need to vote for a great friend of mine, who really through just force of will got us to put up millions of dollars to build a dam to stop your flooding in a very important part of Iowa, Congressman Rod Blum.
Great guy. And I have to say, Rod is fighting to reform welfare, reduce crime, and continuously cut your taxes. Rod's opponent, Abby Finkenauer -- who the hell is that? Who is that? Is an extreme liberal who supports mass amnesty. Anybody like amnesty? For illegal aliens, wants to raise your taxes through the roof, and wants to take away your health care.
So you got to vote for Rod Blum. Got to vote for David Young. You've got to vote for these two characters over here who have been there. We don't even bring them up, because they're leading by so much, I said, I'm not going to waste your time. But get out and vote anyway, just in case, right? Just in -- you never know.
You never know. A majority of House Democrats have already signed up for a socialist health care plan that would obliterate Medicare and eliminate Medicare Advantage for 20 million seniors. Republicans want to protect Medicare. We're protecting it for our great seniors who have earned it and paid for it all of their lives.
Right? And we will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. We are going to protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. The Democrat agenda is radical socialism and open borders. The new platform of the Democrat Party is to abolish ICE. What a great idea. You know why? Because the people that work for ICE, they love our country.
But they're very tough people. Guess what? That's what we need to take care of MS-13, all the gangs. You don't want to do it. You don't want to do it. Even you don't want to do it. I don't want to do it, either. They're fantastic people. They love our country. And to them, it's a day in the office. For other people, they want no part of it. They want to turn America, these Democrats -- and that's what they want -- into a giant sanctuary for criminal aliens and the MS-13 killers... that we're getting out of the country, by the way, by the thousands.
Thousands. They've taken over towns in Long Island. I mean, literally. It could happen to your community. They've taken over towns in Long Island. And we go in, and we, like, liberate the towns. Can you believe -- towns that I grew up right next to. I know every one of them. And they go in and they go in and they have no fear and they take care of the situation, they get them the hell out of there or they put them in jail.
They either send them back where they came from or they put them in jail. And they liberate -- literally, can you imagine we're saying this about places in our country? They liberate towns and small cities in different places of Long Island and others. They liberate them, like we're taking over a war and we get liberated.
How sad. How pathetic. And if we didn't have ICE, it wouldn't happen. It wouldn't happen. So we have to cherish our law enforcement. We have to protect our law enforcement. The Democrat immigration policies aren't just wrong, they're lethal. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens that sneak into our country.
And Republicans stand proudly with the brave men and women of ICE and Border Patrol and our great law enforcement, including your great local law enforcement. If you want to have safe communities, if you want to have a border, then you must organize. Remember this. You don't have a border, you don't have a country, folks, OK, let's face it. Let's face it. You know, we're doing things that are incredible outside, but things are happening you won't even -- you'll see.
You'll see what happens. You take a look at what's going on with North Korea. They were ready to go to war with North Korea. Now we're getting along very nicely. It's working out very well. Look at Iran. Before I got there, Iran was going to take over the Middle East in like 12 minutes, right? Now they're trying to survive.
You got riots in every city. So if you want to really just keep up what we're doing and keep this country -- we have tremendous potential. You know, we're doing well. But we have tremendous potential to grow incredibly. When we get rid of these horrible, disgusting trade deals, with China, over the last five, six years, we've been losing $300 billion to $500 billion a year, billion.
Nobody even knows what the hell it is, it's so much. It's ending. It's ending. It's ending. And it's not just China. It's not just China. And what we do is we protect wealthy countries for nothing. For nothing. Would you say Saudi Arabia is wealthy? Yeah. Right? And I said to the king, you've got to pay.
I'm sorry. You've got to pay. We're going to protect, you've got to pay. Get the money. You've got to pay. You've got to pay! I have friends in the audience, they're good businessmen. They're looking like, absolutely. They -- but you're not a politician. A politician doesn't -- you got to pay. Japan is an immensely wealthy country.
Great people. Prime Minister Abe just had a big election, won by a landslide. He's a friend of mine. But I said, look, we're protecting Japan. They're making a fortune. They're sending us millions of cars. We're not allowed to send them -- they have barriers. We can't send them cars. But they send millions of cars into here.
They pay essentially no tax. And we subsidize their military. When I say subsidize, I'm not talking about like for 2 percent. We pay for 70 percent of their military. Nobody knows this! And I said to the prime minister, who's a great guy, I said, how come? And he honestly says, nobody ever asked. When we straighten out this, we have so much potential.
And there are many countries like that. I'm not looking at just those two. There are many, many countries like that. And you know what? We should protect people that can't protect themselves and they're getting slaughtered. It's OK. It's OK. That's OK. And we're now building by far the strongest military that we've ever had.
And the reason is... And the reason is that when you have the strongest military ever in the history of this world, nobody's going to mess with you. These big guys know it over here. These people know it. I don't want to use our military. But this is a very dangerous world. This is a sick world, in many ways, OK? It's a very, very -- I mean, I see things as president that you don't want to know about.
The things that I see, you don't want to know about. We have to be on guard for some really treacherous people that are running some places -- and we are so prepared you have no idea. We are so prepared. We are so prepared. Because this election is about security. And it's also about prosperity. Since the election...  SEAL Team is right.
Who's SEAL team? The good-looking guy over there, that's good. SEAL Team, they're great. But since the election, we've created -- nobody believes this. If I would have said this when I came to Iowa many times or when I came to Nebraska many times... With your governor, with your governor, if I would have said that we would create 4.2 million new jobs, the fake news media -- look at this, it's like the Academy Awards back there... Look.
The fake news would have said, oh, what he's saying, oh, it's -- oh -- well, guess what? We created 4.2 million jobs just since the election. And... We lifted over 4 million people off of food stamps. How good is that? We've added nearly half a million manufacturing jobs. African-American unemployment has reached its lowest rate ever recorded in the history of our country.
And African-American poverty has reached its lowest rate ever recorded. And Kanye West, who gets it... And Big Jim Brown, how do you think he'd do in the NFL today? Bum, the greatest. But they're coming over to the White House very shortly. We're going to have a little lunch and talk about it. But they get it! How do you -- how do you win when you hear those numbers?
Because the Democrats for 100 years have been promising African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, Asians. They've been promising everything, nothing happens. Here we are, less than two years, the best employment numbers, the best numbers they've ever had in virtually every category. Every category. Hispanic-American and Asian-American unemployment rates have also reached all-time lows.
How do you -- how do you beat us in 2020? Governor, do you have any idea? What would you say? What would you say? We're going to do a great job. But, yeah, but we have the best numbers ever recorded. Those debates I look forward to. See, I said we were going to do that. Remember? What the hell do you have to lose?
Remember that? Right? I said we were going to do it. But now we've done it. So how's somebody going to do better? But we're going to do much better than even that. Women's unemployment rate just fell to 3.6 percent. Which is the lowest in more than 65 years. The only reason to vote Democrat is if you are tired of winning.
We have finalized a new fair trade deal for South Korea. They don't even talk about -- that's a big deal. We just did a deal, manufacturers, farmers. The deal was so bad. That was a Hillary Clinton deal. She said -- no, no. She was secretary of state.  She made a statement today, they're doing a tour, her and her husband or something.
And she made a statement, some ridiculous -- I said, well, that's why she lost the election. She just doesn't get it. She's never gotten it. But she never got it -- so she said, we will create 250,000 jobs. And everybody was excited. Unfortunately, she was right, but it was created in South Korea, not in our country.
Just another deal, check it off. Just another horrible deal. We will create 250,000 for -- you know if she said for South Korea, at least it would have been honest, right? But we've totally renegotiated that. Under the guise of massive tariffs -- I said, if you're not going to do it, we're just going to put tariffs in, that's it. And they said, let's do it. Come on. Let's do it. Let's make a decent deal.
And we've opened it up for your farmers, for your manufacturers. We've taken a horrible deal and made it a good deal. Made it a good deal. And now we're opening up or we're going to do something where we do even better, but we're going to open up Japan for trade and the European Union, which is brutal. They are brutal.
Sounds so nice. So nice. The European Union. Sounds so nice, right? They are brutal. But that's because they've had their way. They formed in order to take advantage of us on trade. Now, we protect most of those countries. European Union, NATO. We protect most. So Germany is paying 1 percent. We are paying 4.3 percent to protect Europe.
Explain that one to me, OK, please? The numbers are horrific. But I've gotten $44 billion last year, more paid into NATO by other countries. And this year will be more than that. That's why I say, our country has such incredible potential. There's so many -- I mean, I could go through deal -- I could go through so many things, just the same thing.
They were going to build the embassy in Israel. As you know, we got approved, right? On my desk was a document to get ready to spend over $1 billion to build a building. I said, how do you spend $1 billion to build a building? I didn't look, but probably like one story, it's an embassy, right, two stories, a billion dollars.
And I said, maybe we can get a building and renovate it and fix it up real fast, and who knows? And our great -- our great ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, called. He said, you know, we have the best site in Jerusalem. And there's a beautiful building on it. And we can take just a big corner of that building, fix it up, and instead of waiting 20 or 25 years, by the time this thing got worked out, we could have it in about four months, sir.
I said, what do you mean the site's the best? He said, well, we were there early. We've had the site for many years. The building is good, but, you know, we have to renovate. So we're going to spend a billion and probably never get it open, right? And, by the way, had we spent a billion, it would end up costing $3 billion or $4 billion for -- you know, people would look at it, probably one-third the size of this room.
They'll spend $2 billion. So I said, David, how much is it going to cost to do that? And how good is the site? Site's great. And, sir, the building is set way back, which is good for purposes of security. They like that. They don't want it right on the sidewalk. I can't imagine why. Set way back. He said, sir, it's beautiful.
And it's a big site. We can do other things later. I said, how much is it going to cost? He said, sir, it's going to cost about $180,000. I told him, we'll think about it. True, $180,000. First time in my life I've ever done this. First time. Don't get angry at me. I said, David, it's too cheap. It doesn't sound good.
I never did that before. I never did it before. Like, I like to say, like Air Force One, we gave out the contract. They were going to give it out for $1.6 billion more than I gave it out for. They'll tell you. I said to Boeing, I'm not going to pay that price. And I said, I'm not paying it. Cancel the contract.
I'm not paying it. And I held a line. I said, you got to take off $1.8 billion. They called back a day later. Supposing we took off $1.6 billion? I said you have a deal, OK. I actually did that. I actually said cut it in half, OK? But we don't have to go through the whole deal. But with the -- with the -- with the embassy, I said, David, David, $180,000, it's too cheap.
We've got to spend more than that. It doesn't sound good. But, sir, I can do a really -- I said, I know you can, but it's not going to play well. You mean we took it from $1 billion to $180,000? I said, David, I said, you know what, David, make it $400,000. And use Jerusalem stone. Did anybody ever see it? It's the most beautiful stone.
And you're in Jerusalem, right? I mean, what's -- probably inexpensive. Most expensive stone when you bring it here. But you're in Jerusalem. They should have plenty of it, right? I said, David, use beautiful Jerusalem stone and let's do it. We opened it up four months later for $400,000. Can you believe it? Open.
It's open. I could tell you many of these stories. I could tell you many. I could tell you so many of these stories. There's that story, and I got 30 more we could take about. The way we spend -- he says I want to hear more. Should I give you one more of those stories? All right. All right, one story. So we like South Korea.
We've got 32,000 soldiers over there. Thank you very much, United States. They don't pay. They don't pay us, but that's OK. They're very successful. And the Obama administration gave this incredible -- it's all right. Don't worry. It's being mostly dismantled. Mostly dismantled. So my first week in office, I get there, and I notice there's this incredible THAAD system, THAAD system to knock down rockets.
Shoots down rockets, shoots down missiles, most incredible thing you've ever seen. I think they got like a 97 percent shot at it. And the company likes to say, but if you send up two missiles, you get it 100 percent. But that's expensive. I said, do it with one, right? So I get there, and brand new, they put in. I said, just out of curiosity, who pays for it? I said to a certain general, good guy, but, you know, he's not into business.
He's into winning wars, but they're not into business. They don't care. OK. He's into winning, but not into business. He's got a little business, too. So I said, so, let me ask you something. How much does that system cost? Sir, I don't know. As a businessman, you, by the way, a good businessman, you know what I'm talking about.
How much does that cost? Sir, I don't know. Who pays for it? Sir, I don't know. Now, you got to understand, the purpose of this -- it's on the border. This is in the time when we were having a little problem, you know, at the beginning. A lot of people thought we were going to war, but we're doing nicely now.
But I said, so let me get this -- we have a system that's very expensive. And we shoot down rockets that are shot from North Korea to South Korea to shoot down -- OK, so we're protecting South Korea, right? Why aren't they paying? Well, I don't know. I don't -- I said, General, immediately go and find out who's paying for it and how much.
So he goes, next morning, he comes into my office. Sir, we are an ally of South Korea. And therefore, we are paying for the system, sir. I said, I thought so. Then I said, all right, give me the bad news. Raytheon. Give me the bad news. How much is it going to cost? Sir, $1 billion. I said, whoa, whoa! So we're putting in a system that we pay for and it's going to cost $1 billion in order to protect an immensely wealthy country that makes all of your television sets, right?
Samsung, LG, I order a lot of them, South Korea. And I'm trying to figure that out, Steve King, as a true conservative, but I'm trying to figure it out. So we do this, and I said, do me a favor. Go back to the country. Renegotiate that deal. That's not a good deal. But, sir, the Obama administration has already agreed to it. I said I don't care if they agreed to it. I couldn't care less if they agreed to it. I don't care.
So that's the second or third story. I could go on all night, but I want to get the hell out of here, OK? Because I thought I was coming to Iowa, and there's more people from Nebraska. Right, Pete Ricketts? Pete Ricketts. Governor Ricketts. We love you both. We love you both. After years of rebuilding other nations, I could give you 30 stories.
I -- I could give you 100 stories like that -- we're finally rebuilding our nation. That's what we're doing. America is not being taken advantage of anymore. America is being respected again. With Republicans in Congress, we passed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. Big numbers.
So important for the farmers and small business. To save your family farms and ranches, we've virtually eliminated the estate tax, also known as the death tax. So now if you like your children or love your children, you can leave your beautiful farm to your children and they won't have to pay any taxes. They won't have to go to your local banker, borrow money, and end up losing the farm, which was happening.
Now you won't have any -- you guys know that, that's a big deal -- that's a big deal, Jeff and Steve and everybody. That's a big deal, because people were leaving their farms, they go out, they mortgage their farms, then they end up -- the kids end up going through hell and losing their farms. So now you won't have to go to the bank, borrow money, put a mortgage on. But here's the thing.
If you don't like your kids, or if you don't love your kids, it doesn't have any impact on you. Sell the farm. Enjoy yourselves and relax. Don't give them anything. Don't give them anything if you don't like them. Don't give them anything! We're reducing the price of prescription drugs to help critically ill patients access life-saving treatment we passed.
And right to try. Right to try. We all know what it is. We have right to try now. For years, people wanted to access some of these cures that worked, but they can't get approved, because it's a long process which we've cut way down. Right to try. They were terminally ill and they couldn't get treatment of something that may work.
We just signed right to try. And these guys helped a lot, right? Steve, Jeff, everybody. They helped a lot. David was great, David Young. So now you get the right to try. People used to travel all over the world if they had money. If they didn't have money, they'd go home. They had no hope. Now they can get treatment.
They sign a document, they can get treatment. They tried for 40 years to get that passed. We got it passed. Right to try. I love it. We also passed veterans' choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor. Big thing. Forty-four years. Forty-four years, they've tried to get it passed. People are waiting on line for 12 days, for 20 days, for 28 days.
People aren't that sick. By the time they see the doctor, seriously, they're terminally ill. They couldn't see a doctor. Now we have the right to let them go see a private doctor. We pay for the bills. It's great for them. It actually is saving for us. Forty-four years. Forty-four years. Forty-four years.
I thought it was my idea, but then I came back and I said -- what a great idea. They said, we've been trying to get it passed for 44 years. I mean, how simple? Right? Forty-four years. But because of guys like this, right, Steve, Jeff, everybody, Governor, you were incredible, Pete Ricketts. You helped so much.
All of you guys. And the landmark V.A. accountability law. You couldn't fire anybody. There were -- literally, there were sadists working for the V.A. There were bad people. There were thieves. Horrible people. You couldn't fire them. We passed -- I think it's 46, 47 years. Look, I hate to say it. Union problems.
All sorts of problems. Civil service problems. Pretty strong lobby, right? We got it passed, 44, 46 years. And now when we catch people that aren't taking care of our veterans, we look at them, we say, Jim, you're fired. Get out of here! It's true. It's true.  Now, you know, they don't spin the cameras.
Tell this -- I said in the beginning to spin. Nobody does it. Because they don't want to show how big these crowds are. They -- no, I'm telling you. They don't want to show it. They don't want to show it. Look, they're not spinning. Do you see one camera turning? No, they don't want to show all these people.
They don't want to show it. I don't see -- look, I don't see one camera turning. They don't want to show them. Our great first lady -- I come home, I said, did they show the crowd? No, but it sounded massive. Right? It sounded -- sounded -- looks like an Iowa -- Iowa state or Nebraska football game. That's what it sounds like.
That's what it sounds like. Right? That's what it sounds like. So my wife would say, they didn't show the crowd, but it sure as hell sounded big. You know, when you have crowds like this, you can't cheat on the sound. I mean, it's a lot of people. But they cheat, because they -- they never show the crowd.
We secured... $716 billion to fully rebuild our great American military. And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American Air Force, the Space Force. Very important. Very important. We got to get that done, Congressman. Everybody wants that. So important. For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America.
They apologized. Now you have a president who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Iowa and Nebraska. And we are proudly standing up for our great national anthem.  And, by the way, speaking of the NFL... No, it's OK. But you know, for years, the NFL had a big problem with Canada and the Super Bowl and rights.
It's a complicated thing, but it doesn't matter. And I heard about the problem. And we were dealing with them on a much, much, much bigger issue. And the NFL is a great American company. And I told my people, give the damn NFL problem solved. It took them about two minutes. And I got a call from the commissioner.
I thought he was calling about the flag. I thought he was calling to say we have fully agreed that we are all going to stand at attention with our hand on our heart, helmet on the ground, and salute -- he didn't. But a good guy. He called me to thank me. You know why I did that? I did that -- nobody told me to do it. I did that because I knew they had a problem.
And it's a great American company. Whether we like it, don't like it, doesn't matter. It's a great American company. And so I got it done. I got it done. Took us like two minutes. And you know what? Now the players will be paid more money and they'll still hate me. Isn't that terrible? They'll still hate Trump.
And they get more money. But that's OK. That's why -- that's why guys like Jim Brown and Kanye and so many others like me. But to continue our incredible momentum, you have to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote or early voting. Get out and vote or early voting.
Vote for Governor Kim Reynolds. Vote -- I thought you were coming here as my guest. Pete, I thought you were coming here -- just today -- come on over, Pete. Vote for Pete Ricketts. I didn't know you were bringing half of Nebraska, Pete. Vote for Congressman Rod Blum and Congressman David Young. Don't bother with these two guys.
They're going to win by -- vote for them, too, please. Vote for them, too. That's right, Steve. They're going to vote for you guys. Thank you. And thank you. Vote for Republicans. You're doing the right thing, because a vote for us is a vote for lower taxes, less regulation, and more products that are made right here in the USA.
That's what we're doing. It's a vote to respect our borders, respect our Constitution, and respect the heroes of law enforcement. And a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democrat politics of anger, division, and destruction. And you know what else? You know what else? And weakness, because it's weakness.
And to reclaim our magnificent destiny as Americans. To everyone in this great room tonight, to every citizen watching across our land -- and there are a lot of them -- this is your time to choose. So important. Got to get out. You've got to vote. It will all be taken away if they get control, including -- they'll start appointing Supreme Court judges that you will not want.
We'll have justices that you will say, how did this happen? You got to get out and vote. It's time to choose whether we turn backward to the failure and frustrations of the past or whether we continue forward into a future of American greatness. Never forget that in 2016 we had the greatest movement in the history of our country.
And they won't challenge that. They even admit that. They're not happy about it. They're not happy. But that was the greatest movement in the history of our country. It is not up to the media or the fake news or the pundits to decide your fate. It is up to you. You have the power. With your vote, you can do so much, but you can defend your family, defend your community, defend your country, defend your rights, your faith, and your dignity.
Loyal citizens like you, Iowa and Nebraska, helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power back to the American patriots, which is you. These states were settled by tough pioneer men and strong pioneer women. The women actually were stronger than men, but I don't want to get into that.
I don't want to get into that! The women are stronger than the men. I've said it for a long time. Sorry, men. Sorry, you guys. You know what I'm talking about, right? They're all nodding. You're right. Who have braved the wilderness and defied the dangers to build a life and a home right here. They didn't have a lot of money.
They didn't have a lot of luxury. But they all had one thing in common. They loved their families. They loved their country. And they loved their God. These courageous patriots did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to erase their legacy and destroy our proud American heritage.
For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory.
Because we are Americans. And our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Iowa. Thank you, Nebraska. Thank you. Get out and vote.
So we're heading out to Iowa, where we have a big statement to make, as you know, on ethanol and for our farmers. Likewise, we're taking care of our refineries and our refiners, and they've done a fantastic job. But we want to get more fuel into the system, and this is a great thing.
But they're great for our farmers, and it was a promise that I made during the campaign. And, as you know, I keep my promises. So that's the way it is. So we're heading out to Iowa. I assume some of you are coming. Yes, please.
It's certainly a person I would consider. And she is under consideration. We have, actually, many names. And, you know, Nikki has been great. Nikki is going to be working along with us and helping us with the choice. Plus, she's going to help us with 2020.
And Nikki is a great friend of mine. We've become real friends over the last period of time. But she's done a fantastic job. And so she'll be involved. And Dina, certainly. And there are others. I've heard a lot of names.
I've heard Ivanka. I've heard -- how good would Ivanka be?
The people that know -- it's nothing to do with nepotism. But I want tell you: The people that know, know that Ivanka would be dynamite. But, you know, I'd then be accused of nepotism, if you can believe it. Right?
I think Ivanka would be incredible. That doesn't mean I'd -- you know, I'd pick her, because you'd be accused of nepotism, even though I'm not sure there's anybody more competent in the world. But that's okay.
But we are looking at numerous people. And it is interesting, the name you just mentioned.
We do a lot. You know, this administration does a lot. So, you're right, another administration would -- after like the Kavanaugh victory -- it's really a victory for the people; it's not for me. It's a victory -- they'll have a great Justice for hopefully many years. But a lot of people would celebrate; we go back to business the next day.
And, you know, Nikki and I talked about this a year ago. And we ought to -- she really wanted to be here for about two years. We finished our big week last week at the U.N. We had a tremendous success. It was great. And we finished 30 days out.
But, you know, Nikki is going to be involved with us for a long time. And she's going to help me also make that final pick. We're going to make a final pick. I want to get somebody really good.
I think she's also brought a new level of prestige to that position. That position is -- in terms of people wanting it -- easier now, in a way, than it was before. Nikki has brought, obviously, great competence, but she's brought great prestige to that position.
Well, that's a very good question. "How do you keep your base energized now that you have the big Kavanaugh victory?" I would say that just by winning. Got to keep winning. We're doing a lot of winning.
We're very happy with the USMCA, which is the -- I don't want to use the word "NAFTA" because it's a terrible word, because it was a horrible deal for this country. But our deal with Mexico and Canada was fantastic. China wants to make a deal so badly. We'll see where it goes. But I don't think they're ready yet, personally.
Yeah, probably. I mean, there could be. But, you know, a lot of those were paid protestors. You saw that. They were all unhappy because they haven't been paid yet. I've been calling it. They were paid protestors. That was professional. That was orchestrated, when you look in the halls of Congress, and you see screaming like that. And it's like chimes -- one goes; the next goes. These are paid protestors.
I don't know that their energy is great. I can tell you, the energy on the Republican side, I don't think it's ever been greater -- maybe 2016, where, as you remember, the energy was very good.
A lot of theories on that. It could be three. Under one theory, it could be four. And then some people could say two could happen. So, you know, it could anywhere be from, I would say, one or two, to four additional. So well see.
You know what? I hope everyone remains healthy. Im very happy the way it is right now. And we put a great man, and I think going to be a great Justice on the court. But, you know, its a guessing game. You dont know.
What is an honor is that there have been Presidents -- many Presidents that never had a choice. And here I am, not even two years, and we have two. And theyre confirmed and .
Yeah, I believe Kanye West is coming to the White House. Hes been a terrific guy. You know, he loves what were doing for African American jobs, for so many different things. Median income, as you see, at an all-time high. Poverty level at the best rate -- meaning the lowest rate so far.
And Kanye is a smart guy. And he sees that. And also coming with him -- he said, Do you mind if I bring Jim Brown? Big Jim Brown. Boy, would he be making a lot of money today, right? He was un -- I call him Unstoppable Jim Brown. And hes been a friend of mine. Hes been really with us. Because he gets it. He really gets it. He sees that African American -- and, by the way, Hispanic and Asian -- have never done better in this country. And he likes it.
No. Theyre just trying to get me a message. But those messages don't work. They dont work. But no, I think they treated him with great respect, actually. You know, they had meetings besides just the news conference. And I think they treated him with great respect.
He had a great meeting with North Korea. And China, its -- it wasnt so much -- I guess he was giving them a message, and they were giving him a message to come back to me.
I dont know anything. No, I dont have any updates. No. Its a sad situation.
It was given to me. It was given to me. And I want to look at who drew it. You know, which group drew it. Because I can give you reports that are fabulous, and I can give you reports that arent so good. But I will be looking at it. Absolutely.
I think its fantastic. Hope?
Shes the greatest. I love it. I think Hope is -- Im so proud of her. And Im very happy. Im very happy for you, right? Was that announced officially now?
Im very happy for Fox because they have a winner. Hope is a winner. And she has been from the beginning. You know, she was like literally right from first day. That was a small group. And -- no, Im very proud of Hope. And Fox has themselves somebody who's really great.
Well, I want more industry. I want more energy. I want more, because I dont like $74. Its up to $74. And if I have to do more, whether its through ethanol or through another means, thats what I want. I want low prices. So Im okay with it.
You know, it's an amazing substance. You look at the Indy cars -- they run 100 percent on ethanol. And you look at other certain forms of very modern energy, it's ethanol-based, and that meant a lot to me.
But what it really means is we're helping our farmers and we're also going to be helping our refiners, and you know that too -- because they're both very important. But the farmers have been so terrific, and they produce great product. So I think it's going to be great.
And it has no impact -- 12 months. That was a misnomer. There is no negative impact. In fact, there are those that say, you do this and the air is cleaner. I agree with that. But they say, you go 12 months instead of 8 -- you go 12 months, and the air is actually cleaner.
No, I know nothing about it. I know nothing about it. I know Nikki. This is one of the most honest human beings youll ever see. So I just -- I havent heard about it.
Well, that all depends on who shes going to be running against. I mean, I could tell you, you have some few really good ones right there, right now. So I dont see her doing that, no.
Well, Lindsey is a terrific guy. I think he wants to stay right where he is. Certainly, I would. But I think hes really happy. Ill tell you what: Lindsey really stepped up over the last two or three weeks. I thought it was fantastic. So, Lindsey is a popular guy, and Tim is a popular guy. I think those are two people -- and Nikki doesnt have that in mind at all.
He is somebody that never asked me that question. I think he's very happy where he is. Hes having a good time. And he really stepped it up. Hes doing great.
Thats right. But we've -- I didnt know her. I mean, she supported somebody over me in the primary. It turned out very well for me. She respected it. And after that, we got along, as you would say, very well. She helped me in the election -- you know, once I won the primaries. And weve really been friends and weve been compatriots. Weve been -- weve done a great job together.
You know, the United Nations is at, I think, really a new level of respect. And we work together. We had a tremendous week last week. So, no, Nikki wants to work with us and also to keep it going. She wants to work -- I guess she said today, a few times, she wants to work on the 2020 Election with us.
Yeah, I think they were. I think they were. Yeah.
Yeah, Im not going to say who I mean. Im just telling you, you had forces saying things that were evil. They were bad people. And he is a very, very fine man. And what was said about him should never have been said.
I know many. I know fellow Americans that are evil. I know -- are you saying we shouldnt say that a fellow American is evil? Ive known some fellow Americans that are pretty evil.
Well, I like to see low interest rates. The Fed is doing what they think is necessary, but I dont like what they're doing. Because we have inflation really checked, and we have a lot of good things happening.
So, I will say this: Were normalizing money, and thats good, but I think we dont have to go as fast. I want to be able to pay off debt. Also, and very importantly, I think that the numbers that were producing are record setting. I dont want to slow it down even a little bit, especially when you dont have the problem of inflation. And you dont see that inflation going back. Now, at some point it will, and you go up. I just dont think its necessary to go as fast.
I have not spoken to him about that.
No, I like to stay uninvolved with them. I have not spoken. How are you?
Well, he's very talented, but no, I havent.
Only because I know you people. What would you do if I said that, right? What would they do?
Jared or -- how do you feel about Ivanka?
I think CNN would support her.
Well, look, theyre two very competent people.
Well, I guess hes going before Congress. We had a very good talk yesterday. And hes going before Congress. Well see how it all works out. In the meantime, as you know, Senator Richard Burr came out just recently and said there was no collusion. He saw no collusion. This is after what? A year and a half. And Devin Nunes, as you know, a very -- smart people. He came out. Theres no collusion. There is no collusion. So thats all I care about.
Well start getting together. Well start getting together. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
Well, we have a big night. I think it'll be very interesting. I assume most of you will be there for the official swearing-in of Judge Kavanaugh. And I think it will be something very, very special.
I've always been told it's the biggest thing a President can do, and I can understand that. So it will be very special.
We just had a very nice talk. We actually get along. And -- a really good talk.
Yeah, I'm not doing anything. I'm good. So I'm not -- I dont want to do anything about that. I think we'll be treated very fairly. Everybody understands there was no collusion. There's no Russia. It was all made up by the Democrats. They're the ones that colluded with Russia. The Democrats colluded with Russia. And, frankly, the previous administration didnt do anything about Russia when they knew that they should have.
I said that I was going -- I'm not making any changes. You'd be the first to know. I'm not making any changes, though.
I am concerned about it. I dont like hearing about it. And hopefully that will sort itself out. Right now, nobody knows anything about it, but there are some pretty bad stories going around. I do not like it.
Thank you. I'll see you at 7 o'clock.
You know, well, Marsha Blackburn is doing a very good job in Tennessee. She's leading now substantially, which she should. She's a tremendous woman. I'm sure Taylor Swift has nothing -- or doesnt know anything about her. And let's say that I like Taylor's music about 25 percent less now. Okay? Thank you.
Well, we're going to a law enforcement speech and meeting, and he'll be flying. I look forward to being with him. That'll be very nice.
Well we're gonna be talking, we'll be talking on the plane. I actually have a good relationship, other than there's been no collusion, folks, no collusion, and -- but I have a very good relationship. We'll see.
Say it? I thought the way they behaved was absolutely atrocious. I've never seen anything like it, from the leaks of important documents, to the statements they made, to watching a Blumenthal, who was a fraudster when it came to Vietnam, and what he did was horrible. I thought that the way they conducted themselves, the way they dealt -- dealt with a high-level, brilliant, going to be a great justice of the Supreme Court, the way they really tortured him and his family, I thought it was a disgrace. I thought --
I thought it was one of the most disgraceful performances I've ever seen.
So, I've been hearing that, that now they're thinking about impeaching a brilliant jurist, a man that did nothing wrong, a man that was caught up in a hoax that was set up by the Democrats, using the Democrats' lawyers, and now they want to impeach him. I've heard this from many people, I think it's an insult to the American public, and I think you're going to see a lot of things happen on November 6th that would not have happened before. The --
The American public has seen this charade, has seen this dishonesty by the Democrats, and when you mention impeach a Justice of the United States Supreme Court, who was the top scholar, top student, top intellect and who did nothing wrong, and there was no corroboration of any kind, and went through seven FBI investigations, had nothing to do with any of this stuff. I mean, you had the last one, take a look at the last one, the things they said about him. I don't even think he ever heard of the words. It was all made up. It was fabricated, and it's a disgrace, and I think it's going to really show you something come November 6th.
I think a lot of Democrats are going to vote Republican, because I have many friends that are Democrats. The main base of the Democrats have shifted so far left that will end up being Venezuela. This country would end up being Venezuela. I think a lot of Democrats are going to be voting Republican on November 6th.
Uh huh, very well documented, very well documented. Yes, we've been documenting for many years, very well. All public documents.
I don't understand a word she's --
Look, I'm traveling with Rod. I didn't know Rod before, but I've gotten to know him, and I get along very well with him.
So the vote is now in, and our country has a truly great new Supreme Court justice. We're very honored by it. He's -- he's an outstanding man, an outstanding person. What they put him and his family through the Democrats over the last few weeks is horrible.
If you look at what he's had to endure, horrible. False statements. Just, it doesn't get any worse. But the beautiful thing is he is now in. He's going to be there for a long time, and he's just an outstanding intellect, outstanding scholar, brilliant lawyer, brilliant at everything he's ever done. So we're very happy. And the vote was a -- it was a great vote, a very historic vote.
I just spoke to just -- I just spoke to him two minutes ago. And, I spoke to the justice's family, and he's so excited. So -- we have now Justice Kavanaugh, and he's a terrific man, terrific person.
I just congratulated him. I said, "Congratulations, that was well fought." I mean who would have thought a thing like that could have happened what he's been through. Everything was uncorroborated.
I want to thank the FBI. I thought the FBI was incredible. They worked hard, and they worked really fast, and I hear the report was -- was really, detailed, thorough, professional report. So I wanted to thank them.
I want to thank the Justice Department, because they also -- they were working along with the FBI really hard, really fast, and I think this actually -- the extra week delay was a was a terrific thing for the process.
So we have a great new Supreme Court justice, and he's going to be there for many years. We are very, very proud of him, and what he and his family had to endure. And it's a -- it's a great testament, and it's a testament also to our country.
I'm going to make a speech. I'll be talking about it a little bit. I know you'll all be there. So thank you very much. Thank you.
No not at all. No no. Great talent great man. Thank you.
Great. Very good. Very, very good. We're very happy about it. Great decision. I very much appreciate those 50 great votes. And I think he's going to go down as a totally brilliant Supreme Court justice for many years. Many years. He was chosen for the reason of his temperament, his incredible past, his outstanding years on the court.
He just had an outstanding record. A brilliant scholartotally brilliant scholar. Top. And we're very honored that he was able to withstand this horrible, horrible attack by the Democrats. It's a horrible attack that nobody should have to go through.
I don't think they are. I don't think they are. I think actually that women... The people -- look, when you look at the biggest fans, the people that spoke to me most vocif -- really in the strongest of terms in his favor were women. Women. Women were outraged at what happened to Brett Kavanaugh, outraged, and I think that's a total misnomer, because the women, I feel, were in many ways stronger than the men in his favor.
So you have a lot of women that are extremely happy. A tremendous number of women. Because they're thinking of their sons, they're thinking of their husbands and their brothers, their uncles, and others. And women are, I think, extremely happy."
At an example, you look at that small number of people outside... And look at where we're going, and we will have thousands and thousands of people. Going to Kansas, we're going to have thousands of people. Totally sold out arenas - and you know better than I do, with tens of thousands of people outside trying to get in. And those people are for him. And those people are -- that crowd could fit in the second room.
I'm a hundred percent. I'm a hundred percent. I have no doubt. The FBI has done an excellent job. They went through, and they went through it seven times. The FBI went through seven investigations, and they did a very thorough job, excellent job. And you know, the other thing we know about life: if there were any problems it would have happened over the last 25 or 30 years, during his professional life.
If any of that -- if there was even a scintilla of something wrong -- he was a very big judge for years, on what they call the second highest court. That would have come out loud and clear.
This is -- one of the reasons I chose him, is because there is nobody with a squeaky clean past like Brett Kavanaugh. 
He is an outstanding person and I'm very honored to have chosen him and he will be there for many years.
I think we're going to do great in the midterms. I think the Republicans are going to do great in the midterms. I think we have a momentum that hasn't been seen in years. When you hear those screamers in Congress today, the screaming that -- you see how orchestrated it is, how phony it is.
They practice it together and they do it with the Democrats. This is all the Democrats. It's so bad. It's so bad for our country and people see it... You hear it's all synchronized. It's all phony stuff.
When you see their signs, you notice yesterday -- I talked about the signs all week, today they're all different because they said oh, we can't do the same sign made by a manufacturer, paid for by Soros or whoever. So I think Republicans are going to do incredibly well, although history always says that whoever's president it goes a little bit the other way. I think we're going to do really well. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country. We have an economy like no other.
Probably the greatest economy we've ever had. That has a lot to do with it. Tax cuts. Regulation cuts. Two Supreme Court justices. Many people on the federal courts. Nobody's done what we have done.
He was ready to come if we needed his vote.
I think that the Mississippi speech had a great impact, yes. I think it was a very important thing. Hey look, the Washington Post said it on their front page. I can't believe they said it, but they said it.
We're really looking forward to the vote. He will be a great justice of the Supreme Court. People have thought that for ten years. They thought -- he's is just an extraordinary person a great, great talent. And I think he's going to make us all very proud. I also feel very strongly that, in the end, it may be the process -- it was really unattractive, but the extra week was something that I think was really good.
I thought it was really good. I think a lot, of a lot of very positive things happened in the last week. It didn't look that way, but in the end that's what happened. It was uncorroborated. It was so many different things. He's going in looking very good. But I'll have further comment later. I want to go. I want to watch the vote.
I'm heading -- excuse me. I'm heading out to Kansas. Kris Kobach is running for governor. Steve Watkins is running for Congress. We have a big crowd, and I look forward to it. We'll be watching in a little while -- we'll be watching on television the vote, and the votes are very exciting. This is a very exciting time. 
Any any time you have a chance to put a Supreme Court justice in position, and in this case I think he's going to be a great, great Supreme Court justice for many years. It's a very exciting time. So we're going to Kansas. But we'll see you in a little while after the vote.
I thought that Susan was incredible yesterday. You could see how hard she worked, how hard she was working. She didn't stop. And I know for a fact because, I spoke with her, she didn't stop, and she gave an impassioned, beautiful speech yesterday, and that was from the heart. That was from the heart. I have great respect for Susan Collins, and I always have. Thank you. Thank you.
Hello, Kansas, thank you very much. Hello, Kansas. Thank you. And I'm thrilled to be here with all of my friends on this truly historic night. This is a historic night. I stand before you today on the heels of a tremendous victory for our nation, our people, and our beloved constitution. Just a few hours ago the U.S. Senate confirmed Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court, and I proudly signed the judge's commission aboard Air Force One just before landing.
And this Monday night, at 7:00 pm in the East Room of the White House, We will perform the swearing in ceremony for soon-to-be Justice Kavanaugh, a great man. And he will sit proudly alongside Justice Neil Gorsuch, who's doing a great job to uphold your sacred rights and to defend your God-given freedom.
And I want to thank our incredible Republican senators for refusing to back down in the face of the Democrats, shameless campaign of political and personal destruction. Since the moment Brett Kavanaugh was senate, and you remember this, we made an announcement and since right from the moment we announced, radical Democrats launched a disgraceful campaign to resist, obstruct, delay, demolish, and destroy, right from the beginning.
Brett Kavanaugh is a man of great character and intellect. He's a totally brilliant scholar, who has devoted his life to the law, he is a loving husband, a devoted father, and a faithful public servant, and he always has been. What he and his wonderful family endured at the hands of Democrats is unthinkable, unthinkable.
In their quest for power, the radical Democrats have turned into an angry mob, you saw that today with the screaming and the shouting, not from the 200 people or less that were --  You know what? Those people, they couldn't fit in the front row, look what we have here today. They threw away and threw aside every notion of fairness, of justice, of decency and of due process.
Nobody's seen anything like it. What each of you will have a chance in just four weeks to render your verdict on the Democrats conduct at the ballot box. Got to vote, got to vote.  On November 6th, you will have the chance to stop the radical Democrats, and that's what they've become, by electing a Republican House and a Republican Senate. We will increase our majorities. We need more Republicans, we need more Republicans.
Over the past few weeks, every American has now seen the profound stakes in the upcoming election. You now see it. We have been energized, we have been energized. if Democrats are willing to cause such destruction in the pursuit of power, Just imagine the devastation they would cause if they ever obtained the power they so desperately want, and Greg. You'll going to have other Supreme Court justices places to be filled it could be three, it could even be four, it could be a lot.
And if you allow the wrong people to get into office, things could change, they could change, and they could change fast. And we're not going to let that happen, we can't let that happen. It could go very quickly, it can change very fast, we can't let that happen. You don't hand matches to an arsonist and you don't give power to an angry leftwing mob, and that's what they've become. The Democrats have become too extreme and too dangerous to govern.
Republicans believe in the rule of law, not the rule of the mob. We're doing a hell of a job of doing it, we're draining the swamp and we want to defeat the Democrats conducively. So under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving, America is winning because we are finally putting America first, we are putting America first.
Yesterday it was announced that unemployment has fallen to 3.7%, the lowest  unemployment rate in 50 years, lowest in 50 years. We've created nearly 600,000 jobs in the last three months alone, think of that, 600,000, and if I ever said that, when I was campaigning, the fake news media would go, I'd say, "Impossible." They are fake.
Manufacturing confidence is at an all-time high. Confidence, very important, all-time high. And we have the best economy in the history of our country, the best.We're taking care of our veterans, protecting our great seniors, and rebuilding America's military might like it hasn't been built before. But if Democrats take control, they will try to plunge our country into gridlock poverty and chaos, and that's what's going to happen, it can change.
The Democrats want to significantly raise your taxes. Essentially, they want to impose socialism, Venezuela, dismantle law enforcement and eliminate our borders. They want to have nice, open borders, no way. Bill. The Democrats have become the party of crime, they have become the party of crime, think of it. Republicans are the party of law and order, and justice.
And we really have become, even more so, than ever before the party of opportunity and wealth, and that's what's happening with creating wealth for everybody. Whether it's small businesses big businesses or people wanting great jobs, that's what's happening. And you know wages? Right now, for the first time in 19 years, wages are going up for people, and jobs. you can choose the job you want for the first time. Many years.
So we are thrilled to be joined by a number of your state's terrific Republican leaders. And  I have to tell you that I wasn't supposed to be here because, you know, this is such a big day. This is such a big day. I was supposed to call you, they said, "Do you mind calling Kris Kobach and Steve Watkins? Do you mind telling them?
That because of the fact that we are, today, getting this great, great, talented, wonderful Supreme Court judge. They said, "Could you call the people of Kansas and tell them we won't be able to make it tonight.?" I said, "I don't have the courage to do that. I don't have the courage" I said, "I don't have the courage." They call me, they said, "Sir, we're signing the next United States Supreme Court justice."
They always say, you've heard it. The biggest thing a president can do, they've always said, is Supreme Court justice the biggest, and some of it none. We've had two in less than two years, I guess, you know, some of  some presidents have it. But it's the biggest thing you can do so they said, "Sir, do you mind canceling Kansas tonight? We're going to have -- " I said, "No way I'm canceling Kansas. No way. No way."
I had that phone working, I had that phone working on that plane, I had that signature going on the plane, and here we are. And by the way, you think this crowd inside is big, you could see the crowd that's outside. We just put up big movie screens but I think this is better, right? This is better. I want to thank Congressman Roger Marshall, has been a great friend.
Roger has been a great friend, and a great friend also, Ron Estes, great person. He helped us so much with the tax cuts, with regulation cuts, with so many things that we've passed that nobody thought would be possible, would be possible. So thank you both very much. Where are they? Where are they? Thank you very much, fellas, thank you. Fantastic
And also, I want to thank somebody who's done a fantastic job, GOP Chair Kelly Arnold. Kelly? Great job. You know why a great job? Because we won this state by a lot, right?  And after what I just did for you with the new deal with Mexico and Canada, I think we should double it up, I think we should double it up. USMCA, USMCA. I refused to call it NAFTA because NAFTA was such a horrible deal.
You didn't even realize it, that was so --  50,000 plants and factories emptied out, millions and millions of jobs lost, so we negotiated a new deal, and I said,  "There's no way of calling it NAFTA 2, USMCA. And we opened up -- we opened up agriculture, we opened up dairy, we opened up a lot of things and everybody's really happy.
I don't know how they're doing in the other places but they're really happy. So congratulations. Congratulations. And we also signed a great new deal with South Korea and the farmers are going to be benefiting there too. And we're working -- Right now they  want to make a deal. I said,  "You're not ready to make a deal yet." We're working on a deal with China.
We'll see. Well see. Well see. Look, they've been hitting us hard for a long time. We've never had a president that did anything about it. $500 billion a year, that's a big one. They take out. So right now we're doing extremely well with China, and let's see what happens. Maybe we'll do it and if we don't we're going to be in even better position, you understand that. So we'll see.
I also want to thank a man of incredible integrity and class, your governor, Jeff Collier. Jeff? Jeff? Where's Jeff? Jeff is a great guy who's doing a really incredible job and thank you, Jeff. But I didn't know Jeff. I told Jeff, I said, "Nothing personal, I just didn't know you because when I backed Chris and you have one hell of a governor." And I think we have to talk about bringing him down to Washington or something. We talked about it.
Great governor, great man. We're also joined by Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt. Thank you. And president of the Kansas State Senate Susan Wagle. Susan. Thank you, Susan. I'm so proud that our Campaign Manager Brad Parscale, you know Brad, Brad Parscale. Where's Brad? Guy's like 7 feet tall, so you can't miss him. Thank you, Brad.
Our chief, our chief you know him, our Chief Operating Officer Mike Glassner. You know Michael? He's fantastic right from the beginning. Thank you, Michael. They all come from Kansas. They all come from Kansas. I guess that's how we win, you get from Kansas you wouldn't lose them. Along with our amazing Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. He is doing a great job.
He's headed over to North Korea. This guy travels, boy you got to do that to be a good one. You know, if you're home a lot you're not doing much of a good job. We're doing a great job with North Korea we're doing a great job with everybody. Mike Pompeo from Kansas. Great man. And also here with us tonight is your next lieutenant governor, Wink Hartman. Thank you, Wink. Thank you, Wink.
So a man that's been with me from the beginning, he's tough, he's strong and I hated that he ran because I would have loved to have brought him into my administration, effectively loses, I'll bring him into my administration in two seconds. I hope he loses because I want him so badly. But don't do that.
Don't you. Don't do that. I was angry when he did it. I said, "Don't do it." "Sir, I want to be the governor of Kansas. I love my people." I said, "Don't do it. Don't do it." I was very unhappy. I was very, very unhappy. I said, "Don't do it." Then he went out and he's been winning and he's been doing an incredible job. But he does, he loves this state. He loves the state so much and I want to introduce the next governor of Kansas, Kris Kobach.
Thank you. What a job he did for me, I'll tell you, what a job he did. He's going to be a great governor. He will do the job for you. He is going to be a great, great governor. He is a tireless champion for border security. He'll fight for you every single day. He doesn't stop. He'll protect your family, he'll protect your children.
Now his far-left opponent is Laura Kelly. Voted to raise your taxes. And she supports giving public benefits to the illegal aliens Inaudible. And Laura Kelly earned an F. And never even heard of an F. An F-rating from the NRA. An F. I assume that means that she's not too big on the second amendment, is that way? How would that be? Everybody get out and vote for my friend Kris Kobach on Election Day, please.
Finally, I want to introduce another terrific Republican candidate, your next congressman. Get out and vote. I need him in Washington. Steve Watkins. Steve is a great veteran. He's a patriot, and a proud West Point graduate, that means he's very smart. Steve, come on up.
Good man. Good man. And a vote for Steve is a vote for me and our agenda to make America great again. You know that agenda. A lot of hats. A vote for Steve's opponent, his name is Paul Davis. He's not good, he's not good, you know that, is a vote for a radical agenda of Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, and the legendary Maxine Waters.
Here in Kansas, his opponent Paul Davis voted time after time to raise your taxes and fees. And he voted to give public benefits to illegal aliens at work. If you want to stop Nancy Pelosi from becoming speaker of the house, Nancy, let Nancy Pelosi. Woah, you better get out and vote for Steve Watkins, please. A majority of House Democrats have already sponsored a socialist takeover of healthcare.
The Democrats' plan would eviscerate Medicare and eliminate Medicare Advantage for 20 million seniors. We want to protect Medicare we will as Republicans protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it and paid for it. And we will always protract Americans with pre-existing conditions. We will take care of our great Americans with pre- existing conditions.
Today's Democrats have embraced radical socialism and open borders. If you don't have borders, you don't have a country, folks, you don't have a country. Every single Democrat. In the U.S. Senate has signed up for the open borders and it's a bill, it's called The Open Borders Bill. What's going on? And it's written by -- Guess who?
Dianne Feinstein. Remember the leaking, right? The leakin' Dianne Feinstein. "Did you leak? Did you leak, Dianne? Dianne, did you... " "No, no, no, I don't. No.No. I don't think. Wait. Did we leak? No, he said no, no we didn't leak." Oh. Was that the worst body language you've ever seen? Was that the worst? "No, I didn't leak. I didn't leak." No she didn't leak. That's what you're dealing with.
If the Democrats bill ever becomes law, a tidal wave of drugs and crime would pour into our nation like never ever before. Democrats also support deadly sanctuary cities that release violent predators and bloodthirsty killers like MS-13 into our communities. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law abiding Americans, not criminal aliens
And Republicans stand proudly with the brave men and women of ICE, border patrol, and law enforcement. They wanted the fund ICE. Can you believe it? You know how tough  ICE is? When MS-13 sees ICE coming, they say, "Let's get out of here." But you know what? They can't, because they get caught, they get thrown, and they get thrown the hell out of the country. They can't.
They don't like that. The Democrats want to get rid of ICE. So these are great Americans. By the way, ICE, great Americans. They happen to be tough people. I think we need some tough people, they're tough. MS-13 doesn't like ICE and that's why I like ICE. But they really are, they're great Americans, they love our country and they're not treated properly,  they're not treated properly.
I've seen it in Long Island. They go into a community. I've grew up in that vicinity, I know every community out there. And they go into these communities and these are rough,  rough people, MS13, how they even come in and we stop them at the border but there's so many here from before us, from before us, and our laws are so bad and we're getting them changing stuff.
That's why we need more Republicans. But they come in and -- Long Island, we send ICE and they get in there and they get them out, and it's like we're liberating a town. In this day and age it's like in a war, where you know, you're a foreign invader -- a foreign invader, finally, is being taken out. They're liberating a country or liberating a city or town.
These people are liberating these towns, and you know the story, and you've heard it, it's all over. They cut people up because they don't want to use bullets, it's too fast and it's not painful enough. And then when I said. "Animals!" Nancy Pelosi said, "How dare you speak that way about a human being. How dare you."  Right? This woman just said it to me. She screamed out of the word animal, so how dare you call them.
They're human beings and not -- these are animals folks. These are animals. And we need law enforcement, and we need ICE and we need border patrol. These are great people. And if your community has a problem, don't worry about it just give us a call, we'll take care of it. Democrats are also fighting to give welfare and free healthcare to illegal aliens paid for by you, the American taxpayer. Thank you very much.
Republicans believe that the public benefits must be protected for the truly, needy Americans. Americans that need help, not illegal aliens. If you want safe. If you want a border. If you want America to remain a sovereign great country then you must organize, mobilize, register, and vote Republican.
We need more Republican votes. This election is about safety. And it's also about prosperity. Since the election, we have created over 4.2 million new jobs and lifted almost 4 million Americans off of food stamps. And we've added nearly one-half million manufacturing jobs. Think of that. If I ever said that during the cam -- look how many. Oh, man, that you are getting more and more people back there.
Look how many reporters. Look. Wow, that's a lot. Wow. Wow. You know I call it? I call it the Academy Awards. That's the  Academy Award. You know we're doing great. Our new polls just came out. I had a poll, Rasmussen 51 or 52, they don't report that, they never report.
But you know -- and It's much higher than that because some people -- I don't know if I'm happy about this, they say when they don't want to talk about it that means they're voting for Trump, I don't know, am I supposed to be thrilled? But we'll take it, right? Well take it. That's what happened in 2016. A lot of people didn't want to talk about it and the pollsters puts it down. OK, so -- but now they learned, they learned their lesson. When they don't talk they had Trump voters.
All action. All action, no talk. African-American unemployment has reached its lowest level in recorded history. African-American poverty has reached its lowest rate ever recorded. By the way, by the way, can you imagine during the debate if I have those stats, the best unemployment number ever for African-Americans. Best in terms of poverty ever in history for Africa.
How do you win? How do you beat us on that? It's only habit. It's habit. Because for a hundred years, African-Americans have gone with Democrats but now they're changing, and they're changing fast and they're coming for us. Thank you, Kanye West. Thank you, Jim Brown. Big Jim Brown. Thank you, Iron Mike. I could go through -- We have so many people.
Big Jim Brown. We could use him right now in the NFL, right? Great people. Hispanic- American and Asian-American, likewise, their unemployment rates have also reached all- time historic lows. The lowest. And women's unemployment just fell to 3.6%,  the lowest rate in 65 years. And we are, as of right now, the world's No.1 producer of crude oil and natural gas. Energy. No. 1.  No. 1. And since I took office, the value of Americans mutual funds and pension funds has increased by $2.7 trillion. That's your money, that's your money. And your 401(k)s. You all look like a bunch of geniuses, thank you, Donald, very much. You're all great investors, right?
You're all great investors. That's all good. We've picked up 11 -- I would say 10, I was saying seven. We picked up now 11.7% Larry Kudlow said it to me the other day, said, "Sir, you're a little lower in that number."  I said, "Really?" I was using $10 trillion. It's now $11.7 trillion in worth.
Eleven. You know what that is? And China was catching us rapidly before I became president. And right now we are going so fast, we are the fastest developing country in the world. Can you believe that? Boom. Fastest in the world.  And that's why I say, "We have a midterm coming up, an election." Historically whoever's president -- I don't know why this works, but whoever's -- I guess people get complacent.
You know, "Hey, we just won the presidency." Now two years later we have an election, so they are complacent and then we always win in the next one, which is, as you know, the presidential election. We always... So far I'm dreaming of those candidates. I see those candidates before my eyes.
Every night before I go to sleep, sometimes while I'm sleeping I love them so much. Cory Booker, Pocahontas, Pocahontas. I've got more Indian blood in me than Pocahontas, and I have none, I mean, sadly I have none, but I have more than she does. They said to her, "Why do you say you're of Indian heritage?" Well, my mother told my high cheekbones that's the answer.
Do you have any documentation? No, we don't. "Oh, I see. Your high cheekbones." Well I have high cheekbones too. Hey, maybe I'm an Indian and I'm going to do very well. But think of it. This is her reason. The whole thing has been  but that's OK. You know what, I want to be careful. I'm taking out so many of these people, I'm hitting them so hard that they're disappearing and I don't want to do that because I make it somebody that's actually good to run against me and that would not be good.
I'll take out all the easy ones and maybe I'll get stuck with somebody that's actually good,  but I don't see any on that side. Well, Sleepy Joe Biden, who -- who ran for president two or three times, you know they say only twice. I think I remember a third time in there. But he had 1% with an arrow pointing left.
That means 1% or less. And then Obama took him off the trash heap while he's one of the people. Remember he challenged me to a fight? "I'd like to take him behind the bar." I love that. That would be great. That would not last long. That would not last long. That wouldn't last long. Go like this. He's down. And he'll never get up. He will never get up. He will never get up. Now I got to leave their candidates alone.
Somebody actually said, "You're hitting these candidates really hard." He's a non-candidate, you know, Don Mandic. He's a Da Nang Dick. He's Da Nang Dick. That's  Blumenthal. He talked about, "When I was in Da Nang province in Vietnam and I was fighting up the hill in Minner going left and right of me they're dying.
They're being struck by bullets but I went back to their rescue. I went back and I got them. And then I made a second attempt and bullets are going left and right and over my shoulders and they're hitting my men." And I used to think, "Wow, this guy is a pretty brave guy."  And then I found out he's a fraud. He never was in Vietnam. And he stopped campaigning because there was no way you could win.
No way. And because it's Connecticut, where I guess only a Democrat -- Can you believe this? That's why Connecticut's such a mess right now. Only a Democrat -- Wait, you're going to see, it's a mess. General Electric just moved out. That doesn't help. But Da Nang and Dick and then I see him yesterday talking about a man who's No. 1 at Yale, has like this perfect record.
The most incredible record. One of the reasons I picked him. He's like a perfect person in Da Nang Dick, who -- who said he was a great war hero and he never saw the country. This wasn't like saying, "Yeah. I was in the army." This is -- this is the guy that said he was charged up Da Nang. Da Nang province right down Da Nang. He's up that hill and he's taking bullets left and right, and he never saw the place, he was in the reserves cell. Remember that.
And he said, "I demand honesty." This is true, exact words. I demand honesty, integrity and I demand that there's no lying going on, and I'm saying, "Wait a minute." I said,  "That's the guy that lied about -- in the worst -- in the history of our country. If you look at it,  he lied. And this is one of the people, how bad.
And then you have the Feinstein and you have all the others and you look at what's going on. You don't want those people in office, folks. You've got to have great Republican. And compare that with what you've seen with John Cornyn, who asked a great question to Dianne and got her a little off base, like you know John Cornyn of Texas.
And Lindsey Graham, who did such a great job. Right. Did a great job. How good was Lindsey? How good was Lindsey? And you know what? He was speaking from the heart. He was speaking. And by the way, took a week but that extra week was a great thing because it showed no corroboration, no nothing. By the way, no nothing. How good was Senator Susan Collins yesterday.
Really, really great. And Chuck Grassley. I'll tell you what, Chuck was great. He's got to be very happy with what we did on trade. Right, Chuck? From Iowa, great state. And Mitch McConnell, how good, how good? He was tough and smart. He was great. He worked hard and we got ourselves the finest legal mind. One of the finest human beings.
And again what his family took. The horror that they had to endure by these people like Blumenthal and Cory Booker who was a disaster as the mayor of Newark New Jersey. What they had to take was a disgrace. The only reason to vote Democrat is if you're tired of winning. All right. Tired of winning. We want to win, win, win. Never get tired of winning. After years of rebuilding other nations we are finally rebuilding our nation. you see what's happening.
And I just left the United Nations last week, and I can tell you, and everybody else can tell you, and even the fake news can tell you, America is respected again. To create more jobs and rising wages. Republicans passed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history by far.
We also passed Veterans Choice, 44 years, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor, and we pay for it so they don't have to wait in line for 25 days, 38 days, 14 days, six days. They go out and they see a private doctor, they get themselves a good doctor. We paid the bill. It's frankly so simple but it took 44 years to get it done.
We got it done. I'm going to getting it done. I'm good at getting it done.Now we also passed, this is 45 years, the VA accountability law to insure anyone who mistreats our veterans will be held accountable, you are fired, get out.
And we've secured a record, $700 million and the next year $716 billion to rebuild our military and to give our brave warriors the largest pay raise in almost a decade.
And at my direction, The Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch of the American Armed Forces the space force, a very serious stuff. That's happening quickly, it's very serious, that's where it's at. You know you have to know where it's at. Doesn't sound right, but it's right. That's where it's at.
Both defense and offense that's where it's at. I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal. You know, before I became president, I looked at what was happening with Iran. They were taken over the Middle East, they were taking Syria. They were taking them.
They were going into Iraq, they were taking everything. Now, they just want to make it, they just want to -- say they have riots in every city. Since I took over that operation, that horrible, horrible deal that was the thick of it. The previous administration gave Iran $150 billion and even crazier, they gave him at $1.8 billion dollars in cash. Cash.
Airplanes. Airplanes full of cash. Fact I got in, I said, "This is the president of the United States. I actually have the power to give away $1.8 billion in cash?" You know what the answer is? It's actually no, they don't. What they did there is a disgrace. They gave them 1.8 in order to have a terrible deal.
Well that was a hostage so they paid $1.8 billion. They paid $1.8 billion for hostages. Can you imagine? And we got our hostages back from North Korea, right? Noting. Zero. And we have a good relationship. And who knows what happens? But I think good things happen. No more missile testing, no more rocket testing, no more nuclear testing.
We got the remains of our great, great heroes from 75 years ago back. And they keep coming back. And we got our hostages back. And good things are happening over there. You know what I always say is this, just before we signed the deal with Canada and Mexico, great deal, I said, "Who knows?" I never like to say -- how could you say? It's a deal.
Who knows? I like to do -- it takes all the pressure off. Who knows? With North Korea, who knows? But I think we're doing very well. OK? The fake news says, "Why aren't you going faster?" I said, Listen, I just got back three months ago, right. I was there with Kim Jong-un. I was there three months ago. Chairman Kim." They say, "Why aren't you going faster?
I said, "What have people done for 75 years? 75. This is three months." And one of the Akers said, "Why has the president given away so much? And I said, "What have I given? I haven't given anything." We've got our hostages back for nothing, out of respect. We got our remains back. We got the testing all stopped including the nuclear testing.
I said, "Tell me what have we given?" "Well, ah, ah, you -- you agreed to meet." Oh, that does cost me very much, I agreed to meet. I like to meet. I like to meet. What the hell we lose by meeting. I asked the previous administration. Now that's what I gave away, I agreed to meet. Can you believe it? These people are sick. I agreed to meet.
Can you imagine how well we do if we actually had fair press? Can you imagine? No, could you imagine? Instead of fake news. I agreed to meet. I'm sorry I agreed to meet. And then they said. right. You know, the rhetoric was extremely tough that first couple of months. And President Obama said at my meeting with him he said, "The biggest problem we have by far is North Korea."
They would have gone to war. Millions and millions of people would have been killed. Millions of people. And I said to somebody in their administration. Have you ever talked? Have you ever agreed to meet? Have you ever like sit down and talk? "Well we haven't thought about." Oh, I see you're going to war, you're not going to talk.
We'll beat anybody. What we have now coming in, I'm telling you it's the greatest power we've ever had, the greatest power in the world. You know why I have that? Because I don't want to use it. And when you have it, nobody is going to mess with us. OK. Nobody. I don't want to use it. Greatest power in the world.
$716 billion, greatest power in the world. But we're doing great. And we have recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. That's the other story I tell. That's the other story we tell. That's a big one. That's a big, big story. You know why? Because other presidents all said, there are many, many presidents, "We're going to do it. We're going to do it."
Then the pressure goes on and they don't do it. And I see why, I don't blame them. Every leader called me, "Don't do it, please. Don't do it, don't do it." You know the story I refused to take their phone calls.
I said, "Tell them I'll call them back on Thursday next week." And I'm signing like on Wednesday. Tell him I'm calling him back on Thursday. I look forward to speaking to him. I signed the deal. Now's the deal, then I call him back. "Yeah. Hi. How are you doing?  What's up?" Wow. "We wanted to talk to you about Israel but it's a little late."
And the embassy, which was going to cost over a billion dollars, we built it for about $400,000, right, you know that, right. And the billion would have taken probably 20 years before you ever got to build it. And we took a piece of land that we own, already own, and it had a building on it. OK building. We fixed the building up a little bit.
We took the big space in the corner. We used even Jerusalem stone, which is a very expensive if you're a building. Jerusalem stone is beautiful. How nice is that? And you know Jerusalem stone in Jerusalem sounds about right. We got it for the right price. And we built it for less than $500,000. Now think of it.
And we opened it up and it's open now, we have our embassy. So we saved a billion dollars in twenty years and we have our embassy. We could do that with hundreds of this. For years you watched as your leaders apologize for America and now you have a president who is standing up for America. We're standing up for your values. We're standing up for Kansas and we're standing proudly.
We're standing proudly for our great national anthem, right. I just helped Canada and the NFL make a deal that they've been trying to make for years. Can you believe it? Canada was taking advantage of the NFL. The NFL couldn't get it done. It took me about two seconds because it's pea -- It's, you know, it's a lot of money but it's not compared to corn, and crops, and dairy, and milk, and cars, and steel, and everything else. It's peanuts. I say you got to take care of it right. Because I want to help American companies. It took me like two minutes and we get it done. And I got a call from the commissioner of the NFL and I thought he was calling me to ask me to stop haunting them about standing for the American flag and for our national..
And he didn't. He called me to thank me. He said, "The previous administration could not get it done. And you got it done. We didn't even know what you were trying to do it." So now they'll have a lot more money to give to their players and their players will still hate me, but that's OK. Stand for it, just as long as they stand. Just as long as they stand for our flag and our anthem I don't care how they feel about that.
But to continue our incredible momentum, you have to get your friends your family your neighbors your co-workers and get out and vote Republican, we need more people in D.C.. We don't have enough. Vote to send Kris Kobach to the governor's mansion and vote to send Steve Watkins to Congress. We always vote for Trump.
A vote for Republicans is a vote for lower taxes, less regulation, and more products made right here in the USA. Finally, finally. We want it made here. It's a vote to respect our borders, respect our constitution, and respect the heroes of law enforcement, and that's what they are. They're our heroes.
And a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democrat politics of anger and division,  and destruction, and to reclaim America's true heritage and righteous destiny. We're losing that with these crazy loco people. To everyone in this room tonight, that's a lot of people, to every citizen watching across our land.
This is your time to choose. It's a time to choose whether we turn backward to the failure and frustration of the past or whether we continue forward into a future of American greatness. It's not up to the media. It's not up to the pundits. It's up to you to decide your fate.
And remember this, what happened in 2016, and what's happening even more so now, I believe, because I've produced, and people see I produced, one of them said, "He made a lot of promises and he actually produced more than he made promises."
I mean, you know, think about it. I did. I did. You have the power with your vote. To defend your family, your community, your country, and everything we hold sacred, and righteous, and true. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to every day great American patriots.
The state of Kansas was set up by tough pioneer men and strong women, who defied danger and brave the wilderness to build a beautiful life on the plains. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Strong Women, strong women, strong.
I'm sorry, fellas, stronger than the men, I'm sorry, fellas. Strong. They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury but they all had one thing in common, they love their families, they love their country, and they loved their god.
These courageous patriots did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy and destroy our proud and great American heritage. For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children we are going to work, we are going to fight and we are going to win, win, win.
We will not ban. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory. Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people. One Family. And one glorious nation under God.
And together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Kansas. Thank you.
So this is supposed to be a Democrat state. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. They have a very big surprise coming, don't you think? Very big surprise. Hello, Minnesota. Great state. Thank you. And I'm thrilled to be back in the heartland with thousands of hard-working and truly great American patriots.
You know that. In less than two years of Republican leadership, America has achieved the biggest comeback in our history. True. Jobs are booming, wages are rising and the number of Americans working right now today has reached an all-time high in our history. We are defending our great Second Amendment... taking care of our wonderful veterans, who we love and respect... and our military will soon be more powerful than ever before by far.
But the radical Democrats want to take it all away. They want to destroy our prosperity. We've had great prosperity. You see what's happening. You don't want your 401(k)s being cut in half, and if you vote Democrat, that's what's going to happen. They want to erase our gains and plunge our country into a nightmare of gridlock, poverty, chaos and, frankly, crime, because that's what comes with it. So we're just five weeks away from one of the most important congressional elections in our lifetime.
You see what's happening in Washington right now so you know how important it is. You see what's going on. By the way, look back there, look at all that media. Look at all that media. If we could ever get them on our side, we'd win for a thousand years -- for a thousand years. On Tuesday, November 6th, I need your vote, I need your support to stop radical Democrats and to elect proud Minnesota Republicans.
And we have some great ones right now up for election. This week I announced another historic victory for our nation. We're replacing the job-killing disaster known as NAFTA... with a brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada trade agreement. It's called the USMCA. That works, right? USMCA. I didn't want to use NAFTA. That has been a disaster for our country: 50,000 plants and factories moving out, millions and millions of jobs lost, one of the worst trade deals ever.
I actually know one that's worse, but I won't tell you, because we're going to be doing something with that too. But NAFTA's been one of the great disasters of all time and now we have a great and fair deal. We have a fair deal, and that's what we want. Great for our workers and really great for our farmers.
It's about time. We're opening it up. The barriers are coming down. And this is tremendous for Minnesota. This is tremendous for Minnesota. And you've waited for a long time. And by the way, we've got plenty coming. You know what's going on with China? They want to make a deal. They want to make a deal. But I say they're not ready yet.
They want to make a deal, but I told them, "You want to make a deal, but you're not ready yet, so we'll talk later." We have secured landmark protections for the medical innovations being produced right here in your great state. You have great medical in your state. And we've removed unfair trade barriers for our proud Minnesota farmers and our dairy producers like has never, ever been done before in our country.
America is winning again and America is being respected again all over the world right now, and we're going to keep it that way forever. It's called America first.  You even have people sitting behind the flag. That's... It's OK. Great people. And by the way, you got thousands of people outside and you have thousands of people who I just saw in a lovely room, but I said, "Next time, you have to get here a couple of days earlier." Right?
The only reason to vote Democrat is if you are tired of winning. That's really it. Because you're winning. You're winning a lot. There's never been an administration that in already less than two years -- but can you believe we all did this together? We're coming up on two years, can you believe it? There has never been an administration, with you, that's done so much in so little time.
Two years. No administration's come close. None has come close. And we've got a lot coming. If Democrats take over Congress, the stock market will plummet. They will -- it will plummet. You know, there's a reason for it. Every day we hit new highs, new highs. I think we had 103 new highs. Think of it. All time.
That means jobs. To a lot of people, it means great 401(k)s. It means great -- but to a lot of people, it means jobs. It's jobs. Your 401(k)s will be devastated if Democrats take control and our political system will grind to a really messy halt. And you see what's going on in Congress right now with one of the most respected people, potentially, hopefully Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
Man...  What they're putting him through, and his family. His family is incredible. What they're putting them through. Democrats want to raise your taxes. They want to restore job-killing regulations. There's no administration ever that's cut as many regulations. And we have regulations.
We want clean water. We want crystal, clear air. We want beautiful environment. We want. But you don't have to have regulation that makes it impossible for our country to compete with other countries, and that's what we're doing. The Democrats want to cripple law enforcement. They want to get rid of ICE. How about ICE? ICE, they're tough and they love our country, but you need tough ones.
They're tough. They love our country. They get rid of MS-13. They get rid of these gangs. You wouldn't believe it. They throw them the hell out or they bring them to jail. The Democrats embrace socialism. We're not going to be Venezuela -- you see what's happening -- and open our borders to deadly drugs and violent gangs.
And I've said it and I'll say it as many times as you want to hear it, and it's because of their policy: The Democrats are truly the party of crime, because that's what happens. Open borders, that's what happens. And the Dems are willing to do anything to hurt anyone to get the power they so desperately crave.
All they know is how to do -- you know what the words are -- they want to resist, they want to obstruct, they want to delay, demolish, they want to destroy. That's what happens. That's what happens. And just take a look at what's going on. Democrats have been trying to destroy Judge Brett Kavanaugh... since the very first second he was announced.
And he was announced for one simple reason: He is an incredible intellect, an incredible person, an incredible talent. He's been an incredible judge. Because they know that Judge Kavanaugh will protect, uphold and defend the Constitution of The United States as written. But all you have to do is look at the polls over the last three or four days and it shows that their rage-fueled resistance is starting to backfire at a level that nobody has ever seen before.
Nobody's ever seen it. Up 11, up 10, up 14. Nobody's ever seen this before. We love it. Do we love it? We love it. Because people see what's happening and they don't like it. The people of Minnesota and the people of America are going to reject the Democrat politics of anger and destruction, and they are going to vote to keep making America great again, greater than ever before.
And in two years, they are going to vote to keep America great, right? Keep America great. We're almost at that point already, but I can't -- I love "Make America Great," but I can't use it in two years. They'll say, "What have you been doing?" right? "What have you been doing?" Oh, boy, I tell you, it's been a while.
We have had fun, right? We've had fun. This is -- and they don't even correct me when I say it. They don't even correct me. Fake news media. But this is... I mean, look at this stadium. Look, look. As an example, thousands of people in a room next door, thousands and thousands of people outside trying to get in, this big stadium is packed, always.
In all fairness to Minnesota, in Las Vegas, in Missouri. You know in Missouri...  Thank you. I love you too, but you're not my type. No, but -- hey, Missouri. They had 44,000 people outside of a big arena. 44,000 people. Las Vegas. We went to -- West Virginia was incredible. West Virginia.
Tennessee. Tennessee, and you see how far Tennessee went up over the last couple of days. It's incredible. Missouri, wow, have we done great. Josh, Josh. So we're thrilled to be joined by a number of your terrific Republican leaders and I just want to introduce somebody that's been such an incredible help to me in getting your tax cuts, I mean, not so bad.
How about this? How about this? The Dems want to raise your taxes. We want to lower your taxes. We don't want crime. Crime's OK for them. They want open borders. How the hell do we not win this thing in a landslide every time? How do you... They're for crime and high taxes. We're for low taxes and no crime.
I don't know. Somehow I don't think I would have been a very good politician on the other side of this equation. But a man who really has been helping me a lot, he's a tremendous force in Washington, he's respected by everybody, Congressman Tom Emmer. Minnesota House Speaker Kurt Daudt. Thanks, Kurt. Your state's next attorney general, Doug Wardlow.
Your next governor -- I hear he's doing very well -- Jeff Johnson. We're also joined by the next United States senator from Minnesota, Karin Housley. Karin. So, Karin is running against a far-left Democrat, Tina Smith, who nobody knows who the hell she is. Who is she? She was appointed. She took a wacky guy's place.
That guy was -- he was wacky. Boy, did he fold up like a wet rag, huh? Man. Man, he was gone so fast. He was gone so fast. I don't want to mention Al Franken's name. OK? So I won't mention it. He was gone -- he was gone so fast. It was like, "Oh, he did something, oh, oh, oh, I resign. I quit, I quit." Wow. He was gone and he was replaced by somebody that nobody ever heard of. Her name is Tina Smith.
Honestly, you know, I do this stuff for a living. I'm not sure I have ever heard of her . The fact is, there's no reason for me to have heard of her, because she's never going to vote for us. She'll always vote for Schumer and Pelosi...and, of course, the legendary low-IQ Maxine Waters. Low-IQ person.
She'll be with Schumer, do whatever he wants. "What would you like me to do? Should I vote for higher taxes?" "Yes." "Oh, I want higher taxes. Should I vote against the wall?" Which is happening, folks. She wants to vote against the wall. She voted against the wall.  So we are building the wall.
We started it. $1.6 billion. Now we got another $1.6 billion and we just got another. But I want to build it at one time, fast. But we're making a lot of progress on the wall. A lot of progress. I'd like to do it a lot faster. I'm good at building. And Tina voted for deadly sanctuary cities. Karin... Karin, do you promise you will not be voting for sanctuary cities, Karin?
OK. Good. She wants to keep crime out of Minnesota. That sounds like a good platform, right? Tina Smith would rather protect violent criminal aliens than loyal American citizens, which is why Tina Smith, that nobody ever heard of, needs to be voted out of office. She got appointed, I guess. And Tina Smith is voting against Judge Kavanaugh.
Can you believe that one? So, he was number one at Yale, number one at Yale Law School. I think she's looking for a better student.  Finally, I want to introduce two incredible -- by the way, Karin, come up, please, will you?
Vote for her. Vote for Karin. Now for the people that we're here for. Congress is very important, and I'm here to support Congressman Jason Lewis, who you know. He's a friend of mine, who has worked so hard for us and so hard on your Second Amendment, which is under siege, and so hard on cutting your taxes and regulations.
So, Jason, thank you. Come on up, Jason. And the next representative from Minnesota's 1st District, Jim Hagedorn. Come on up, fellas.
Wow. Wow. Good talent. So, Jason and Jim are both running against extreme Democrats. Jim's opponent, Dan Feehan... supports a total government takeover of health care, which drives your costs right through the roof and the health care is lousy, by the way. Oh, is that so? And he wants to make Minnesota into -- true -- a sanctuary for the criminal aliens and for gang members.
That's the people -- they will come flooding up here as soon as you do it. It happens every time. Jason's opponent, Angie Craig... Who the hell is Angie Craig? -- also wants to take away your health care. And she refuses to support Enbridge Pipeline. You know all about that. That would bring more than 8,000 jobs to Minnesota.
And you know we've really opened up Minnesota. You see what's going on with the mines and the miners and the ore. Worst of all, a vote for Dan Feehan and Angie Craig is a vote for Nancy Pelosi as speaker of the House. Can you imagine Nancy Pelosi as speaker of the House? Don't do that to me. I didn't buy into that.
Neither did you. If Democrats take charge, Maxine Waters will also... Now, listen to this one. She's going to take over Financial Services in Congress. Can you believe it? Maxine Waters. That's one of the most powerful committees in Congress. If you want to stop Pelosi from becoming speaker, if you want to stop Chuck Schumer from becoming majority leader... and if you want to stop the radical Democrats from running Congress, then you need to vote Republican.
You have to get out there on November 6th and vote Republican. You've got to get it -- and vote for these people. These are great people. A Democrat-controlled Congress would also pose a grave threat to Medicare. You know what they're doing with Medicare? They'll destroy it. The majority of House Democrats have cosponsored a socialist takeover of health care that would obliterate Medicare.
Their plan is called Medicare for All, except they have no money. But it's really Medicare for none. Their plan would rob American seniors of the benefits they have paid -- and they've paid these benefits and they've paid so much money for their entire lives and you take it away.  Thank you, darling.
Love these people. These people are so great. Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors, who have earned it and they've paid for it. And we will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. We're going to take care of them. Some of the Democrats have been talking about ending pre-existing conditions and some people have -- you know what I say?
We'll get a little more money from China. It'll be just fine. OK? It'll be just fine. We'll be just fine. We're going to take care of pre-existing conditions, folks. Remember that. The lead sponsor of the Democrats -- think of this. The health care takeover, who is the lead sponsor? I've been reading so much about him.
He did predict I was going to win, by the way. I will say that. That's the only thing he's gotten right in a long time. Keith Ellison. Did you know that? No, he did. That's right. He was on a show the day after I announced. On June 16th, I came down the stair with Melania -- who's right now in Africa, our first lady.
She's doing a great job. Doing a great job for the people of Africa. Amazing. But Ellison was on a show the day after I announced and he looked at two people, the hosts, he said, "You know he's going to win, don't you?" And they smiled. One laughed. They spoke. They thought I was just doing this for fun.
You think this is fun? You think this... This is a lot of work. It's a lot more work than anybody knew. And that's the last time he's been right, but I'm glad he was right about that. Ellison is the number two official in the entire Democrat Party and he recently marched in a parade wearing a shirt that read, "I do not believe in borders." Oh, that's wonderful.
By the way, you don't have borders, you don't have a country, folks. You don't have a country. Keith Ellison's Democrat Party embraces radical socialism and open borders. The new platform of the Democrat Party is to abolish ICE. They want to unleash violent predators and ruthless killers -- and you know it. Somebody would say, "Oh, gee, why is he saying that?
That's not" -- it's true. Like MS-13, near our schools, near our families and into our communities. No good. Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. And Republicans proudly stand with the brave men and women of ICE, Border Patrol and law enforcement, our police.
Great people. They do an incredible job. My administration has also reformed our refugee program to protect American communities like you have in Minnesota, where you're being treated very unfairly, and to protect your families and your taxpayer dollars. If you want security, if you want a border, then what you have to do is immediately go out, think about it, get your friends, get your neighbors, get your workers.
You've got to go November 6th, vote Republican. That'll do it. That'll do it. We need the votes. You know, I keep hearing we have a majority. If somebody has a cold, we don't have a majority. If somebody's not feeling great, we don't have a majority. It's like -- it's like the saying -- that's why we're getting the wall by hook, by crook, we're getting the wall, but it's so difficult.
These guys want to stop it. They want to say -- you know, it's interesting. We've got $700 billion for the military, which is, you know, many, many, many times -- we've got $716 billion for the military. We are rebuilding our military. But to get money for the wall, their whole life is trying to obstruct the wall because they know we want it. But you know what?
It's not working. I'd like to do it a lot faster, but it's not working. We're getting the money. You think it's easy? Not easy. But we're getting it built and it's already going up in San Diego and lots of other places along the border.  This election is about safety and it's about prosperity.
Since the election, we have created over 4 million new jobs. The media will tell you there was no way we could have said that during the campaign. Nobody would have believed it. And we've lifted 4 million Americans off of food stamps. Think of that. You know, when you do that, you save a lot of money and you also make a lot of people really happy.
When you think about it, right? We've added nearly a half a million new manufacturing jobs. Remember, "You need a magic wand. You'll never do that." I said, "What happens? We don't build anything anymore?" And we have companies pouring into our country and they're coming to Minnesota. They're coming to a lot of states.
But we have companies. They're all coming back. They want to be where the action is. They're all coming back. They're all coming back. The auto companies. I was with Prime Minister Abe two days ago. He said, "Many of our auto companies are coming back." I said, "No, no, that's not good enough. All of them have to come back.
All." And he's going to do that. They're all coming back. They've already started. You look at Michigan, what's going on in Michigan, where they're coming back so fast -- but they're coming back to Ohio. They're coming back to Pennsylvania, South Carolina, North Carolina. And they're coming in to a place called Minnesota.
Do we love Minnesota? 1972. You know what that is, right? That was the last time -- and boy, we came, like, this close. One more speech up here and I would have won this state. I came -- do you remember? I said, "I think I'm going to win Minnesota," and everyone said, "No, no, it hasn't been won since 1972." Is that right? 19 -- right?
The Congress , right? Yeah. 1972. It hasn't been won. I said, "No, look at the crowds. They love it. We're going to take care of Minnesota. We're going to stop what's happening that's so unfair in Minnesota." And then on election night, I said, "Let's go to Minnesota," but they already scheduled for a great place, a great state, Michigan.
That's another one hadn't been won in many, many years. I went to Michigan. We had 32,000 people in Michigan at 1 o'clock in the morning. It was already Election Day. So I had to skip Minnesota. I felt so badly because one more speech -- I could have showed up at 3 o'clock in the morning maybe. I don't know.
But we're going to win. We're going to win Minnesota. And you see that just by this crowd. Look at this crowd. This place is... So something I'm very proud of, African-American unemployment has reached its lowest rate ever recorded. African-American poverty has reached its lowest rate ever recorded. Think of those two sound bites.
The lowest unemployment, the lowest rate of poverty. So think of this: How does your African-American, how do you vote for somebody else? I've done more for them in two years. African-Americans are coming up and they're saying, "Mr. President, thank you. Thank you." And their median income is the highest.
But not only for African-Americans, for Asian, for Hispanic. Hispanic unemployment is the lowest it's ever been. Think of it. Asian unemployment, the lowest it's ever been. People with no high school diploma -- that's a very important group of people to me -- it is by far the lowest it's ever been. Women I'm failing with.
I am failing with women. It's only the lowest in 65 years. Sorry. Sorry. I thought it would be history by now, because I've been saying African-American, I've been saying Hispanic, I've been saying Asian, I've been -- and women, it's only the lowest in 65 years. But I thought by now, it would be OK.  Got a lot of energy, this one over here.
She's got a lot of energy. Thank you, darling. Thank you. Sixty-five years, not bad, but soon it's going to be in history, I predict. My administration has taken the toughest-ever action cracking down on China's trading abuses. We have to stop it. And we have a very good relationship with President Xi. I have a very good relationship.
But we can't allow what's happened over so many years to continue happening. They've been taking $500 billion, with a B, out of our country and rebuilding China. And I said, "We can't do that anymore. I'm sorry. I'm sorry." For years, China has been draining us, taking our factories and building up their country with our money, and at the expense of our workers and our companies.
And we're not going to have it. No more. And not only China. Many countries. Look, many countries. We defend countries that are very rich. They don't pay us or they pay us a small percentage. I mean, look, we get along great with these countries, but take Saudi Arabia. Would you say they have some money?
So we defend them and they pay a small percentage. I said, "Excuse me, King Salman" -- he's my friend -- "do you mind paying for the military?" "Do you mind? Hey." They're paying for 30 percent. I said, "Do you mind paying?" "But nobody has asked me." I said, "But I'm asking you, King." He says, "Great." He said, "But are you serious?" I said, "No, I'm totally serious.
Trust me."  And they'll do it. He said nobody's ever asked him. You're talking about -- by the way, you're talking about billions and billions of dollars. Japan, "No, President Obama would never have asked. That's not his kind of thing. Not his thing." Why would somebody ask to be paid back billions of dollars?
Japan, very rich, very great country. I told you, Prime Minister Abe, great man. Just won a fantastic election. Big results. I have an -- an incredible relationship. I said to him, "Listen, we're defending you." We're doing a great job. They were sending missiles over Japan from North Korea. Because of me, those missiles aren't going over Japan anymore.
There are no more missiles, no more testing, no more nuclear. We got our hostages back. We got the remains of our great heroes back, right? The remains. The remains are coming back. That was the most beautiful ceremony. Did anybody see that ceremony a month ago? So beautiful. And the remains are coming back.
And what do I get? I get the fake news saying, "Why isn't he moving faster?" I just left -- what? -- three months ago. I had a meeting in Singapore. I mean, this has been going on for 75 years -- now let's say 25 years with the missiles and the nuclear -- but no president's done anything. It's -- it's like, three months.
And they'll say, the all-time great, "What's taking so long?" I said, "It's been three months and you don't have rockets and you don't have missiles and you don't have nuclear testing and we get all of our" -- I mean, it's crazy. But here's what they say. So, they can't get me. One of them actually said -- a nice guy, a friend of mine.
He actually said, "Why is the president giving so much to North Korea?" I said, "I haven't given anything. What have I given?" I haven't paid -- I didn't pay $1.8 billion for the hostages like Obama did... with Iran, remember? $1.8 billion in cash. Gave them $150 billion. So I haven't given. But I have a very good relationship with Chairman Kim. I have a very good relationship.
So because of that relationship, let's see. I think we'll work something out. Maybe we won't. Who knows? It's a deal. Let's see. But so far -- so I'm -- when did I leave, like three months ago, three and a half months ago, maybe less? And they're saying, "He agreed to meet," because they -- I didn't give -- so you know what I gave them?
I agreed to meet. That's what they say. I agreed to meet. Is that a big deal? I agreed to meet. I asked the Democrats before -- you know, we were close to a war with North Korea, I'll you what. And my rhetoric was very tough at the beginning. It was really, really tough. In fact, they all said I'm going to cause a war with North Korea.
I'm going to cause a war. And then with Putin of Russia, they said, "He was too nice." He was -- that was a great meeting. We had a very successful -- so they want me to get into a boxing match with him. I think I'd do very well. But with Russia...  No, no. It's the fake news. Fake news.
They said with Russia, "He was too nice. He was too nice." With North Korea, they said, "He was too tough. He was too tough." And let me tell you, if I was really rough with Russia, they'd say, "He was too tough. He was too tough." These people are loco, I'm telling you. Loco.  People are crazy.
Fake news. The fake news, everybody. They are fake. After years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation, right? To give our workers and businesses a level playing field, Republicans passed the biggest package of tax cuts and tax reforms in the history of our country. Better vote for Karin.
They want to take them away. They want to take them away. We've taken historic action to make health care more affordable and we've gotten rid of the soaring premiums. You know, the premiums on Obamacare -- nobody realized it. They were going up 116 percent, 138 percent, 200 percent. Through great management and great people, we've kept them down.
We've mostly obliterated Obamacare, although we had it won except for 2 o'clock in the morning -- I say it again -- 2 o'clock in the morning and I was like -- I'm not going to do it. Two o'clock in the morning. But think of it differently: We didn't get one Democrat vote so we're stuck with it, but it's obliterated.
And the big thing is, we got rid of the most unpopular part of Obamacare. It's called the individual mandate, where you have the privilege of paying a fortune so that you don't have to pay a fortune for horrible health care, right? So, the premiums in Minnesota this year are coming down by double digits.
Think of that. And I don't even like this stuff, but while we have the remnants of Obamacare, we're working to make it much more affordable than you had. And to reduce drug prices, the FDA has approved a record number of affordable generic medicines. And that's not all. Drug prices are coming down. You might have seen last month where I called up some of the drug companies.
I said, "Folks, you just raised up the drug prices. You can't do that." And they all reduced them. Do you believe it? That's when I said, "I've a lot of power." Pfizer, right? You saw that. Pfizer, Novartis, they raised their drug prices and I'm bringing them down. I said, "What are you doing with raising them?" "I'm sorry, Mr. President, we'll reduce them immediately." I said, "Man, this is a powerful position.
I never..." First time in the history of drug companies that they've done that. They literally announced it. I called them the next day. I told them I was extremely unhappy and they said, "We're going to reduce it." Who the hell does that? Do you think Hillary Clinton would have done that?  I don't think so. I don't think so.  By the way, she or whoever it might have been, crazy Bernie, whoever they put in, they wouldn't have done any of the things -- we did the greatest trade deal.
Look at the money. We did 4.2 percent GDP. They were going down. They would have had a minus four point. They -- they said 4.2 percent is impossible. It's going to go higher, much higher. We have such potential. Between military and trade deals, we have hundreds of billions of dollars worth of fat and potential.
And what I love -- what I love, hopefully you don't need it for a long time or never, to help critically ill patients get life-saving treatments, we passed Right to Try. I love it. I hope you don't need it. I hope I don't need it, too. I hope you don't need it. But that's -- you know, we have the greatest -- frankly, the greatest drug companies in the world.
And we would have drugs that would take four or five years -- you know, we've brought it down from 14 years to get approved down to four. I think we'll be at three or two. But still, you've got to wait a long time. And a person who is dying, a person is terminally ill and they have a great, you know, possible cure, and so a person wants to see if they could possibly -- you couldn't get it. There was no way of getting it. No way in a million years.
I worked with Congress, including these guys and... and Greg. And Greg, right? And Jim and Mark and the whole group. But we worked with Congress and we got it done. I love the name, Right to Try. Now, they can go, they sign a paper. You have no idea: They've been trying to get this for 40 years. You know, who would think?
They've been trying for 40 years. And it is, you have problems with insurance companies. You have problems with trials. You have problems with so many different things. You have problems with everything. Everything is there -- and you have problems with liability. I said, "Sign a document that there's no liability." They don't want to give something, the person dies and then the family sues the country.
That's no good. So you sign away your rights if you take it. And you know what happened? Everybody said, "Wow, that's a good idea." Can you believe this? So after 40 years, we have it. And now people are trying it. And you know what? We've had some incredible results. And it's also telling you whether or not this stuff works.
There's something good about that, too. We've had some incredible results, right? I love it. People would fly to other continents, they'd fly to other countries. If they were poor they'd just go away. They'd had no hope. They'd go to their house or their apartment and they'd have no hope. Now, they have hope.
It's beautiful. It's so great. We also passed Veterans Choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor... see a private doctor instead of waiting in line. I mean, we had people waiting for three weeks, two weeks, 12 days, nine weeks. We had people that were not very sick. It took them so long to see the private doctor, to see a doctor, a veterans doctor -- and they're good doctors.
We really do, we have great doctors -- but it's a long process. So they're not very sick. By the time they'd see the doctor 22 days later, they'd be terminally ill. Think of it. They would die. They would die on line waiting. They now have the right to go to a private doctor and we pay the bill. Forty-four years they've been trying to get it. I thought that was my idea.
I came back, "I got the greatest idea." I said to all my medical people, "I got the greatest idea. It's taken too long. We could never solve this problem. Too many people, too few doctors. They're great doctors, but you can't get to them. I got the greatest -- we're going to have the people go to a private doctor and we're going to pay for it." And they said, "Sir, we've been working on this for 44 years." But I got it approved because I'm good at getting things approved, right?
Right? All done. All done. And these people helped me. Right there. They helped me with it. Right there. And we also passed landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans will be held accountable. We say, "Jim, you're fired. Out. Get out. Get out." We had no right to do it. Between the unions and the civil servants, they could do anything.
They could be sadists -- and they were. They were sadists. These are sick people. They -- they could be sadists. They could be stealing. They could be robbing you blind. They could be doing anything. You couldn't fire them. They were totally protected. Now, you just fire them. Get them out. We have secured a record $716 billion to rebuild our military and give our brave warriors their largest pay raise in a decade.
And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working -- I'm so excited about this -- to create the sixth branch, number six, of the American armed forces, called the Space Force. We have the Air Force. Now we have the Space Force. I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear disaster deal.
And we've opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Presidents have been promising that for many, many decades and I finally know why, because I was hit so hard when they heard I was going to do it. I got calls from every country in the world. "Please, don't do it." And I told you the story. I said, "Look, I don't want to take any calls from any leaders of any countries.
Tell them I'll call them back." We were going to have it signed on a Monday. Big ceremony. I said, "Tell them I'll call them back next week."  Because they were calling me and they were saying, "Mr. President, please don't do that. Please. Please." So I know why Obama and Bush and everybody didn't do it. I mean, I understand.
There was a lot of pressure put on them. So I just said, "Tell them I'll call them back next week." So on Monday I signed it, and then on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday I called everybody back. "Hi, how are you doing? What's up?"  "Well, we didn't want you to do..." I said, "Oh, I'm sorry. Gee, it's too late." I said, "What can I do? What can I do?" "What can I do?" For years you watched as your leaders apologized for America.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America... more than ever before.  We're standing up for your values, we're standing up for Minnesota and we are standing proudly for our national anthem. All right. I'll give you a quick story that they don't know. They've never heard.
It's hard to believe; I thought they knew everything about me. So in making the deal with Mexico and then Canada, -- as you know, Canada was very tough, but that they worked out fine. And the NFL -- because we talk about the flag and the -- I'm not happy about it with the NFL. OK? I'm not happy, if it's OK with you guys -- is it OK with you?
Not happy. People should stand proudly for our national anthem and for our flag. So I'm not happy. I'm not happy. But that seems to be working out. Do you notice? That's seems to be working out very good. But to show you -- so we're making the deal with Canada. And it's big stuff. You know, it's cars and it's farming and it's agriculture and it's factories and it's big, big dollars.
Tremendous. They say it's the largest trade deal ever made, $1.3 trillion. But I heard that the NFL had a big problem with Canada on their advertising, on the commercials. A big, big problem. I'm not going to get into what it was, but it was a very bad problem and it went on for years and it was really hurting the NFL. Now, I don't care.
I like some of the people. I don't like some of the -- it doesn't matter. It's an American company. It's a great American company. So during the negotiation I said, "You've got to fix the NFL problem." They said, "What?" I said, "You've got to fix the NFL problem." Took me two minutes and now the NFL is so happy it's all worked out.
It's all worked out. They don't know that. It's all worked out. We've got to fix it. And now our country will be taking tens of millions of dollars more money. It's going to go -- a lot of it's going to go to the players and they'll still hate me. Can you believe it? But you know what? Think of it. It took me two minutes.
You've got to fix the problem. It's because -- not because I love them or don't like them. I do like them. It's a great American company. I said, "You've got to fix the NFL problem. It's unfair what you do to them during the Super Bowls. Very unfair." And I got a call from Roger Goodell. No, very nice. And I figured he was calling about the flag.
Like, to say, "Could you leave us alone, please?"  And he wasn't. He said, "Mr. President, I'd like to thank you for what you did. You solved a problem that was going on for years." The Obama administration couldn't do it. Nobody could do it. Nobody could get it done. I did it in two minutes. It was like, "You've got to do it. We've got to do it." It was a tiny, little part of the deal.
I figured, "What the hell? It was like two sentences." But it was very nice. Roger Goodell called me and then Bob Kraft, who owns -- who's a great owner. Now, it's great to have Coach Belichick and Tom Brady, that's a good thing, right? I always say, "Bob, you're a great owner and you're one of the luckiest men on Earth.
You took Tom Brady in the sixth round, right? And you have the greatest coach in football." That's a good thing and he's a great guy. But he called me to thank me and Roger Goodell called to thank me. Very nice. And we're all friends. I want what's good for the country. People said to me... True. One of my killers called up. We have very tough negotiators, very smart guys.
We have, like, the A Team of the world. And he said, "You know, we could have that -- that NFL thing. I heard about it for years." Everybody heard about it, what they were doing. I said -- I said -- they said, "You know, I think we could fix that NFL deal for you." I said, "Let's fix it." They said, "Really?
You want to do that?" I said, "No. They're a great American company. They're going to pay tax on that money. They're going to pay the money to people that work and live in our country. Fix the deal." They were surprised. I said, "Fix it." They fixed it and it was a nice thing. OK, enough of that. That's enough of that.
True. So the NFL, good company, great, great people. We're lifting millions of our citizens -- and you know this -- from welfare to work, from dependence to independence and from poverty to prosperity. That's what's happening. That's what's happening. And a lot of people are coming out of prisons and they're able to get jobs now.
Isn't that great? They're getting a second chance and even a third chance and they're getting jobs. And people that are hiring many of these prisoners are saying unbelievable how good they are. It's so beautiful to see. And before, they wouldn't have a chance. People didn't want to hire them. They're hiring people coming out of prison and these people are stepping up. I have a friend that hired many, quite a few, and he said, "I can't say every one," but he said, "These people are unbelievable.
They're so hard-working. We've given them a second chance." It's a -- to me, it's a beautiful thing. But to continue our incredible momentum, you have to get your friends and get your family and get your neighbors and your coworkers and get out, and you have to -- November 6th, you have to go out and vote Republican.
Send Jason Lewis and Jim Hagedorn to the House. And vote to send Karin Housley... Get Karin Housley into the Senate. We need her. We need her vote. We need her. She's going to be fantastic. Forget about Tina. Karin, they're going to get you in. A vote for Republicans is a vote for lower taxes, less regulation and more products made right here in the good old USA. That's what we want.
It's a vote to respect our borders, respect our Constitution, and to love and respect the heroes of law enforcement. Great. They're great. They're great people. No easy job. And a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democrat politics of anger, division and destruction -- it's destruction -- and to unite together as citizens, as patriots and as Americans.
To everyone in this beautiful, big, rich room, to every citizen watching across our land, this is your time to choose. It's a time to choose whether we turn backward to the failure and frustrations of the past, or whether we continue forward into a future of American greatness. It's not up to the media or to the pundits to decide your fate.
It's up to you. This was the greatest movement, 2016, all of those hats, Make America Great Again. Look at them. Amazing. Amazing. It's the greatest movement in the history of our country. It is. I mean, there's never been a movement like this. There's never been a movement like this. As an example, the presidential election is not for two and a half years.
Look at this room. Look at this. Look outside. This is not a normal situation. This is the greatest movement in the history of our country and they know it. And they don't even challenge me when I say it, because if I was wrong, there would be headlines. "Donald Trump..."  It's up to the proud people of our country and the very proud people of Minnesota, a great state.
You have the power with your votes to defend America's honor and reclaim America's future. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country. Together, we are taking back our country, returning power to the American people. This state was settled by tough pioneer men and strong pioneer women... who braved the wilderness to build a life and to build a home.
They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury, but they all had one thing in common: They loved their families, they loved their country and they loved their god. These courageous patriots did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to tear down their legacy and destroy our proud American heritage.
For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory.
Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. We are one people, one family and one glorious nation under God, and together we will make America wealthy again... make America strong again... we will make America safe again... and we will make America great again. Thank you, Minnesota. Thank you. Thank you.
Hello, Mississippi, hello. Beautiful.  Well, I have to start by saying that 2020 is looking really easy, isn't it? I think the fake news media back there is starting to get it, folks. I think they're starting. They're starting to understand what's going on. And I'm thrilled to be back in this great state, with thousands of proud, loyal, hard-working American patriots.
Thank you. In less than two years, we've achieved the biggest comeback in American history. That's what's happened. The economy is booming. Wages are rising. And more Americans are working today than ever before. Today -- ever before. Think of it. Now, just think of that. Today, we have more Americans working than we've ever had in the history of our country, right now, today.
How great is that, right? We're defending our Second Amendment, protecting religious liberty, taking care of our great veterans... and rebuilding America's military like it hasn't been rebuilt ever before. This week, we made history again when I announced that we are replacing the job-killed disaster known as NAFTA with a brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada trade agreement.
A good one. And it's a good one. We're calling it USMCA. You're going to like that name. That'll become a part of your vocabulary. USMCA. Companies aren't going to be leaving us anymore and firing everybody and sending their product back into the United States with no tax. That was what I wanted. You know, Mississippi, when they leave and they go next door and they fire everybody and they build the product and send it back and sell it to the same people that were buying it before -- no, we don't want to do that anymore.
No we don't want to do that anymore. It's not a good -- that's not a good thing to do. Although there is a group called globalists. They think it's just fine. Not fine. They're globalists.  globalists. We don't like the thinking of the globalists. The USMCA is an incredible victory for our farmers, our ranchers, our factory workers, and our entire nation.
America is winning again, and America is being respected again, maybe respected like never before, because we are finally putting America first. But exactly five weeks from today, all of this extraordinary progress is at stake. It is at stake. I'm not on the ballot, but in a certain way, I'm on the ballot, so please go out and vote.
Go out and vote. On November 6th, you will head to the polls -- hopefully -- in one of the most important congressional elections of our lifetime. The only reason to vote Democrat is if you are tired of winning. A Democrat takeover of Congress will plunge our country into gridlock and chaos like you haven't seen before.
It'll come to a halt. And I have to tell you, all of those people, with your savings accounts and your money piled up in your bank, it's all -- a lot of it's going to disappear, and it'll disappear really fast. Your 401(k)s -- I stand up all the time with great Americans. "Sir, I'd like to thank you. My wife thinks I'm one of the greatest investors in the world.
And two years ago, she thought I was a total loser, sir. Now she loves me so much." "Because my 401(k)..." "... has gone up 55 percent, sir, since you got elected! 55 percent!" Ah, it's amazing. You can really get your wife to like you a lot when that happens. You've got to be really bad. I'll tell you. And that's happening.
And it goes the other way, too. That happens. People are geniuses now. And we've helped. You know, we had probably -- and even the fake news would tell you -- the greatest victory in the history of this country in 2016. There's never been anything like that. The people came from the hills and the valleys.
They came from all over. And they voted, voted, voted. And they love Trump, and they loved us. Because it wasn't me, it was all of us. It was all of us. And that's what's happening. That's what's happening. But it's all fragile. The Democrats will open our borders to deadly drugs and ruthless gangs. The Democrats -- and I say this -- and I've dealt with it -- the Democrats are the party of crime.
And that's what it is, they're the party of crime. Radical Democrats want to tear down our laws, tear down our institutions in pursuit of power, demolish our prosperity in the name of socialism and probably worse... and abolish our borders in the service of globalism. There is nothing Democrats aren't willing to do, and you're seeing it day by day, and you've seen it more the last week than you've ever seen it before.
And no one -- just think of this. No one under any circumstances is allowed to speak up if you're on this side of the equation. But guess what? We're speaking up like nobody has ever spoken up before. They want to get the power that they so desperately crave that was taken away from them. All of the Democrats know and all they really know how to do is obstruct, resist, demolish, destroy and delay.
They've been trying to destroy Judge Kavanaugh since the very first second he was announced... because they know Judge Kavanaugh will follow the Constitution as written.  You know, for 10 years, I don't know him, I never met him, but I'd been hearing there's this guy named Brett Kavanaugh who is... who is like a perfect person, who is destined for the Supreme Court.
I've heard that for a long time. And -- a lot of smart people. And first in his class at Yale. Top, top in his class at Yale Law School. He'd led, like, a life that's unbelievable. He's had no problems. They've never taken him out of restaurants. They've never -- this is like a person that everybody thought at the highest level on both sides, they said, "Someday he will be a Supreme Court judge." Right?
He will be a justice of the Supreme Court. And all my life, I've heard that the most important thing that a president has to do as president is the appointment of a Supreme Court justice and... And I disagree. I think war. I think our military. I think peace. I think those things are -- you know, those things are pretty important, right?
That's pretty important. They don't say that, but I say those things are pretty important. But I'll have to tell you, the appointment of a Supreme Court justice -- and I look at him, and I looked at the man that we appointed just before him, Justice Neil Gorsuch... who was put through the paces, but nothing like what's happening now.
It's just crazed. It's crazy. What's happening now, they had gang rape. A gang rape. Many times. Well, that turned out to be false. So many different charges. Guilty until proven innocent. That's very dangerous for our country. That's very dangerous for our country. And I have it myself all the time. But for me, it's like a part of the job description.
 Let it happen to me. Shouldn't happen to him. Shouldn't happen to him. What he's going through: 36 years ago, this happened. "I had one beer." Right? "I had one beer." "Well, you think it was..." "Nope, it was one beer." "Oh, good. How did you get home?" "I don't remember." "How did you get there?" "I don't remember." "Where is the place?" "I don't remember." "How many years ago was it?" "I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know." "I don't know." "What neighborhood was it in?" "I don't know." "Where's the house?" "I don't know." "Upstairs, downstairs, where was it?" "I don't know. But I had one beer, that's the only thing I remember." And a man's life is in tatters. A man's life is shattered. His wife is shattered.
His daughters, who are beautiful, incredible young kids -- they destroy people. They want to destroy people. These are really evil people. And then you see... And then you see the people that are doing it. I know every one. I could tell you things about every one of them. Da Nang Richard Blumenthal. This guy lied about his service.
He didn't just say, "Gee, I was in the service." No. He said, "I was in the Marines. Da Nang Province. Soldiers dying left and right as we battled up the hill." This went on for 15 years when he was the attorney general of Connecticut. I thought he was a great war hero. And then it turned out he was never in Vietnam.
He was in the Reserves! And I watched him two days ago. I watched him saying, "We need the truth. If we don't have" -- and here's a guy who was saying people were dying all around him and he was never there. And then he cried. When they caught him, he cried like a baby.  Like a baby. When Jimmy Swaggart cried, it was nothing compared to Da Nang Richard.
Nothing. Jimmy Swaggart was nothing compared to -- he cried, "Oh, oh, I'm so sorry, I'm so" -- he only lied for 15 years. And now we get something. And now he talks about lying. And this man's not lying. So Blumenthal is a fraud. He's a fraud. And the reason he got elected is because in Connecticut it's impossible for a Republican to get elected.
And I did well there. But you can't. He actually gave up the race. You'd thought he lost. You remember that? He, sort of, gave -- he stopped campaigning. It was over. And then he won by three points. And we have him in the Senate. And now he's this great honorable guy, because you know why? The fake news doesn't ever want to put that stuff on. They don't want to talk about it. They don't ever want to put it on. They're a bunch of fakers.
And then you have Cory Booker, right? Cory Booker. Here's a guy who destroyed practically by himself the city of Newark, New Jersey. He was such a bad mayor. And see what he wrote himself about women. Check it out, folks. Check it out. Then he talks -- "How dare you treat a woman like that." Take a look at what this guy wrote.
And I know about every one of them. I could go on and on. How about Feinstein? How about her? "We need more time for the FBI. The FBI has to do a more thorough search. We had another woman just reported by a sleazebag lawyer named Avenatti." Sleazebag. Sleazebag. We have -- well, it turned out even NBC, who's as bad as they get -- even NBC couldn't shield her with that interview.
Did you see that interview? This woman had no clue what was going on. No clue. And yet she made the most horrible charges against a number one in his class at Yale, perfect human being, great father, great husband. This is a great person. And people are saying, "Well, maybe it's true. And because of the fact that maybe it's true he should not become a United States Supreme Court justice." How horrible is this?
How horrible is this? So this is an important time for our country. This is a time when your father, when your husband, when your brother, when your son could do great. "Mom, I did great in school. I've worked so hard. Mom, I'm so pleased to tell you, I just got a fantastic job with IBM. I just got a fantastic job with General Motors.
I just got -- I'm so proud." "Mom, a terrible thing just happened. A person who I've never met said that I did things that were horrible and they're firing me from my job, Mom. I don't know what to do. Mom, what do I do? What do I do, Mom? What do I do, Mom?" It's a damn sad situation, OK? But we better start as a country getting smart and getting tough and not letting that stuff right back there, all those cameras, tell us how to live our lives.
Because they are really dishonest people. Not all of them, but damn well most of them. That I can tell you. Fake news. So that's something to think about, right? That's something -- think of your son. Think of your husband. Think -- I've had many false accusations. I've had it all the -- I've had so many -- and when I say it didn't happen, nobody believes me. But it's me. It's my job description.
Mr. Trump, it's OK, you can say whatever you want. They can say whatever they want about me. It's fine, because we have the worst libel laws anywhere in the world. They can say anything they want, and we can't sue them, because if you're famous, you can't sue. Figure that one out. But to take people that are just outstanding and have had great lives, and that life doesn't mean a thing.
And do you notice with the judge, they don't talk about his last 35 years? They don't talk about what -- everybody knows him. He's a very well-known and most highly respected person until the last couple of weeks, because they're destroying him and they're destroying his reputation. And we can't let that happen.
We can't. Can't let it happen. And I don't even know him, folks. I don't even know him. I met him for the first time a few weeks ago. I don't even know him. So it's not like, "Oh, gee, I want to protect my friend." I want to do what's right for this country. This is a very important time in our country... OK? Very important thing.
Very important time in our country. The Democrat Party has become too extreme -- this is an example of it -- and too dangerous to be trusted with power. That is why you must vote Republican on Election Day, and you have to go out and vote. You know, I'm listening to commentators, and they say, "If Trump were running, he's going to beat everybody." They're saying that.
You know, it's hard for them to admit that. And I certainly dream about all these people. Biden, the guy never had more than 1 percent in a poll when he was running for president, and then Obama took him off the trash heap, right? Biden -- I hear Biden wants to take me to the back of a barn. He would be in big trouble, I will tell you.
Remember he said that? "I'd like to take him." You know, with Biden, you go like this -- whew -- and he goes down.  Biden. And the other ones. But they say that, "Donald Trump isn't running, so will the people go out and vote in three weeks?" You got to go out and vote. And they say, "But Donald Trump doesn't like Congress." I really do. I like a lot of the people in Congress.
Some I'm disappointed in, but for the most part -- and I have to tell you something: We have the right ideas. We're making our country great again. We're doing the right thing. We need more Republican votes. They say we have a majority. We barely have -- if somebody has a cold and stays home, we don't have a majority.
That's how bad it is. Republicans have to go out and vote. And they say if I was on the ticket, everybody would go, it would be a landslide. Even the fakers back there, they say that. And I'm not on the ticket, but I am on the ticket. Because this is also a referendum about me and the disgusting gridlock that they'll put this country through.
Think of it. We have the greatest economy in history. We have a military that will soon be the strongest we've ever had. Our country is doing so well. And then we have a Maxine Waters saying, "We have to get rid of him. We have to get rid of him!" Maxine Waters. And Nancy Pelosi. She's another beauty. Get out and vote!
I want you to vote. Pretend I'm on the ballot. And don't worry, we'll be on the ballot in two years, and we will do a landslide like you haven't -- like you wouldn't believe. A couple of the reporters I see back there, they said, "Oh, Trump is running." And I must say, one of them said, right after I announced, June 16th -- right after I announced, there was a Sunday morning show.
And one of them said, "You know he's going to win, don't you?" And another one, who's back there now, who's looking very well, said, along with the host, "Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, you're only kidding. He's just doing this for fun." You think this is fun? Yeah, actually, it's sort of fun. I guess it is. For me, it's fun.
For me, it's fun. You know why it's fun? Because we're achieving our goals better than anyone thought possible. That's why it's fun. If I wasn't, it wouldn't be fun. But this one particular reporter, she said, "Ho, ho, ho, you're only kidding, right? Ha, ha, that's so funny." And I'll never forget on election night, "Donald Trump is your next president, folks." And it's driving them crazy.
So, we're thrilled to be here tonight, and I am having a lot of fun. But it is true: I'm having fun because nobody ever would have believed in a million years that we would have accomplished what we've accomplished. Nobody has accomplished more in two years. You take a look at the first two years of any -- nobody has even come close to accomplishing what we've accomplished.
And I'm doing it for you, and we're doing it together, because this is a whole thing that has never happened in our country before. You know, it's interesting, when we first started, there were a lot of people who were showing up. And by the way, you think this is a big crowd in here? This place is packed, right?
Right? And if there was one empty seat, they would say, as the Washington Post did say -- the Washington Post came -- you saw that, right? -- came to an arena someplace four hours early and they hadn't started letting the people in yet. And he put a picture of an empty arena. There were tens of thousands of people outside waiting to come in. The Washington Post put a picture of an empty arena, and they put a caption to the effect, "Mr. President, not a very good crowd, is it?" And you know what happened?
And they had a picture up of an empty arena like I was a -- I didn't even land for four and a half hours later. And when I landed, that place was just like this. It was packed with thousands of people outside. Now, did they fire that reporter? No. Did they fire that reporter? No. Right? They -- isn't it incredible?
Isn't it sad? And look what happened to Roseanne. Did they fire Roseanne? Yes. No, but think of it. Puts a picture of an empty -- like it had 5 percent. People were just starting to trickle in. And said, "Not a very good crowd, Mr. President." There was no games. You know what happened that night? People that were sitting on stairwells, people that couldn't get a seat, people that were here only cause the fire marshals were so incredible, that shouldn't have even been allowed to come in, with thousands outside, they said, "This is a fraud by the Washington Post." I was there.
There were no empty seats. We set a record that evening for crowd attendance. Because we don't need much of a stage. Basketball, they need a big -- you're filled up with people, like it is tonight. And we barely got an apology. And he admitted he was wrong. You know where he did it? On his little Twitter account.
 And that kind of dishonesty happens all the time. Happened at the inauguration. It happened at the inauguration. It happens all the time. These are very, very dishonest people. We are thrilled to be joined tonight by several great Republican leaders. And we're going to start with a friend of mine who is a very special man, very special.
He's a great governor. Done a fantastic job. He called me. He built the African-American Museum. Called me. We went there. It was so beautiful. We had -- I was at the opening. We cut the ribbon! Governor Phil Bryant. Governor. Thank you, Phil. Thank you, Phil. Should we bring Phil up here? He's been so -- come on. Get up here, Phil.
Come, come, come. Come on, Phil, get up here. What a great governor he's been. Look at this guy. Is he central casting or what? Is he -- look at this. He's central casting. But you know where he's really good? His heart and his brain. Great brain and great heart. Seriously.
Thank you very much, Phil. Lieutenant Governor Tate Reeves. Tate? Tate? Where is Tate? Thanks, Tate. Doing a good job. And Mississippi Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann. Delbert? Thank you. Thank you. And I want to thank your members of Congress that are here, because they've been warriors, they've been friends.
They helped me with the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country... the biggest tax reform, the great regulation cuts, which could be even more important, frankly, than the tax cuts, if you want to know the truth, because it means jobs. But you have some great -- Congressman Trent Kelly. Trent, thank you.
Gregg Harper. Thank you very much. And David Kustoff. Thank you, David. There's another warrior in the room. These are warriors. Look, the abuse they take, the abuse we all take, if you're not a warrior, you just go home, go to the corner, put your thumb in your mouth and say, "Mommy, take me home." You got to be a warrior.
And a guy who is a wonderful friend of mine and has always been there for me, Senator Roger Wicker. Roger? What a great -- and Mrs. Wicker, thank you. What a great guy. And he's doing great. Get out and vote for him, anyway. He's winning by a lot, but get out there and vote. We love Roger. Finally, I want to introduce the person we are all here tonight to support, a true Mississippi patriot, Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith. Come on up. Cindy, come up.
Thank you, Cindy.  Thank you, Cindy. Great. You know we had a great friend who was senator, and did a fantastic job, and it was just his time. He called me, it was his time. And you know who I'm talking about, wonderful man. And he said, "You're going to have to appoint somebody." And I went to Phil.
I said, "Phil, who's the best?" And Phil had no doubt in his mind. That's who he recommended. And since then, Cindy has voted with me 100 percent of the time. She's always had my back. She's always had your back. And a vote for Cindy is a vote for me and make America great again. And a vote for Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a vote for Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi... and the legendary low-IQ person Maxine Waters.
That's why Schumer's PAC is funding Mike Espy with a lot of money. A vote for Espy is a vote for the Democrat agenda to open borders and for radical socialism. When Espy was in Congress, he even sponsored legislation alongside Nancy Pelosi to provide taxpayer-funded health care to illegal aliens. Oh, that's great.
That's just what Mississippi wants. I don't think that works in Mississippi. Does that work? I don't think so. I don't think so. Your vote in this election will decide which party controls the United States Senate. It's very important. Very important. And that's a great woman. That's a great woman. Gotten to know her very well over the last number of months.
If Democrats get control, they will raise your taxes, flood your streets with criminal aliens, weaken our military, outlaw private health insurance, and replace freedom with socialism. In a short period of time -- of course, I'll be doing lots of vetoes, just so don't worry too much -- they will turn America into Venezuela.
How's that working out? And our country will never be Venezuela. We won't let that happen. If Democrats get 51 seats, the key Senate committees will be run by the far left Bernie Sanders, crazy Bernie. It's amazing that he wasn't more angry that the election got stolen from him, right? I don't get it. You know, he's always like complaining, complaining.
He's jumping around. The hair's going crazy. The hair's going crazy. He's jumping like a lunatic. But he never complained about the fact that crooked Hillary cheated him out of the election. It's amazing. It's amazing.  You know, Bernie was on television recently. And he was screaming and ranting and raving.
And I said to my wife, Melania, who's now in Africa representing us, first lady... I watched her get off that plane this morning in Africa. And so beautiful. And she was hugging and kissing children. It was beautiful to see. She's doing a great job as first lady, I will tell you. Really great. And you think that's an easy job?
That's not an easy job. That's a tough job. She's fantastic. But Bernie Sanders was ranting and raving and "We're going to this" and "Trump and Trump and we got to stop" -- what he's going to stop? Having a strong military? Having low taxes? Having borders? What's he going to stop? What am I doing? What's he going to stop?
Having less regulation? But he's going to stop Trump. He's going to stop Trump. He's going to stop us left and right. He's ranting and raving. And the commentator looks at him and goes, "You know he's winning, don't you?" And Bernie just looked at him like this. It was like -- but I said to my -- you got to hand it to him.
You know, he's out there. He's doing his thing, whether you like it or not. He's out there doing his thing, and you've got to hand it to him. But a guy like Bernie would be in charge of the Budget Committee. Patrick Leahy -- oh, he's never had a drink in his life.  Check it out. Look under "Patrick Leahy/drink."  "How dare you have a beer while you're in high school?
How dare." "Patrick Leahy-drink" will be in charge of the Appropriations Committee. Bob Menendez -- you don't know about him -- will be in -- I'll leave him alone, because we can't cover too many of these characters, right? But I'm going to leave him alone -- will be in charge of Foreign Affairs. And the great Dianne Feinstein... will be in charge of the Judiciary Committee.
No. Wasn't that great? Wasn't that great? Wasn't that something the other day? She was asked a simple question, "Did you leak the document?" -- wasn't that great? -- by John Cornyn. He goes, "You leaked the document." "No. What? No." "Uh, remember?" "No. Oh, no, I didn't. No, I don't think I -- well, wait.
Did we leak the document? No."  "How about the aide?" "No, you idiot! No!"  "No, we didn't leak the document. We didn't leak the document. No, we didn't." That was the worst body language that I've ever seen. Oh, what a group. What a group. Holier than thou, aren't they? Holier than thou.
You know the expression, right? What a group. Also at stake in this election is Medicare. Democrats in Washington want to raid Medicare to pay for their socialist agenda. They're going to destroy it. Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors who earned it and paid for it, right? Right? And we will always protect Americans with pre-existing location.
We're going to have to do that. Pre-existing conditions. We have to take care of pre-existing conditions, because it's just the way life is, folks. We have to do that. And the Democrats are talking about it and they can't do it, because they have no plan. So just put it down. And some Republicans say, "Is that a Republican thing?" Whether it is or not -- and to me it is, and it always will be -- pre-existing conditions will always be taken care of by us. Have to do it. We have to do it. We have to do it, and we want to do it. I want to do it. We're all going to do it. We're doing well.
We'll take it from China. We'll take it from the European Union, who has taken advantage of us for years. We'll take it from Japan. We'll take it from our new, beautiful transaction, which is a fair transaction, and good for them, too, Mexico, Canada. We're going to have plenty of money coming in, folks, when we fix up these horrible trade deals.
So we're going to take care of pre-existing conditions. People that have a problem are going to be helped by the Republican Party from -- from the time I got elected, really. You look at what we've done with Obamacare. It's a disaster. We had it beaten. But I'll say it a different way than I have been saying it. We didn't get one Democrat vote.
We had it repealed and replaced. A little shocked took place early in the morning. But the fact is, we didn't get one Democrat vote. We would have saved a trillion dollars -- think of it -- our country would have saved $1 trillion had we gotten that extra vote. We didn't get one vote from one Democrat. But we've pretty much dismantled it. And here's a nice story.
We've managed it well. And your premiums have gone up very little by -- remember, they were going up 156, 201, 187, 116 percent? Now we have it down. But we're getting rid of it entirely. We're going to have great health care. The new platform of the Democrat Party is to abolish ICE -- the brave, brave people of ICE.
In other words, they want to abolish immigration enforcement entirely. That's what they want to do. Democrats also support strongly sanctuary cities of death. Sanctuary cities. Every day, sanctuary cities are unleashing vicious predators and bloodthirsty killers, like MS-13, into our communities. They go out and they hide out in sanctuary cities.
Then they come into our cities and our towns. And then we send ICE in, and ICE has no problem. You know why? Because ICE is much tougher and much smarter than them. And ICE has done an incredible job. And they grab them by the neck and they throw them the hell out of our country or they throw them into jail.
And you don't want that job. And you don't want that job. And you don't even want -- although maybe you could handle that job, right? But they do a fantastic job. And we have to cherish our law enforcement. And that goes for Border Patrol, that goes for ICE. We're setting records on the border on arrests.
We don't want to do that. We're building the wall. It's going up. But getting money is brutal -- brutal.  So we've started the wall. And we've done a lot in California and elsewhere -- San Diego. We're moving eastward, and we're covering a lot of territory. They gave us $1.6 billion, $1.6 billion, and another $1.6 billion.
I want the whole thing, because we can do the whole damn wall, and we can do a great one in one year. But getting money from the Democrats is tough, because they know that's a big issue for us. And they know we need it. Most of them voted for it in 2006. I don't know if you know that. Most of them. But, of course, you have to have a wall.
You have people pouring across. They're tackling people. And then, of course, they have catch and release. You catch somebody. "Who is this person?" "It's a criminal." "Oh, that's OK. Catch, take his name and release the person." And the person they think will come back to court. We have the dumbest immigration laws in the whole world.
Watch what happens over the next couple of weeks, folks. Watch. Watch. And it's all because of the Democrats. Every Republican wants some change. But they stop you. The only thing they're good at -- they're lousy politicians. They're horrible in policy. They don't know what the hell they're doing. They're only good at one thing: resisting.
They're good at sticking together. You rarely see them break up. They stick like glue. They stick. That's the only thing they're good at: delay and resist. Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens. If you want security, if you want a strong border, if you want to have a country that is a great, great, safe country, then you need to go out and you need to vote Republican.
Have to do it. And everybody. This election in November is about safety and it's also about prosperity. They're going to take your wealth away from you. They're going to take your wealth away. All of that we've done with the jobs and the salaries and the wages that are rising for the first time in 21 years, they're going to take it away from you so fast.
Since the election, we have created over 4 million new jobs. Unheard of. Unheard of! Unheard of! And lifted almost 4 million Americans off of food stamps. That's a big thing. We've added nearly 600,000 new manufacturing jobs. You remember when the previous administration said, "Oh, you can't do manufacturing"? I said, "Really, who's going to build things?" They said, "You won't add any." They said you needed a magic wand, remember?
A magic wand. We don't have a magic wand. We've got good policy. We've got good leadership. We have a lot of good leaders in our party. And you've heard this many times over the last three weeks: African-American unemployment has reached its lowest rate ever recorded -- ever! Ever! Remember "What do you have to lose?" What do you have to lose, right?
What do you have to lose? I said. And people said, "Oh, that's not nice." But I said, "Wait, they have the worst crime rate. They have the worst schools. They have the worst homeownership percentages. They have the" -- I went through a list of 10 different things. And I looked up, and they've always voted for Democrats, the African-Americans, 95, more, percent.
And I looked up and I said, "What the hell do you have to lose?" Remember? And now... Not only do they have the lowest unemployment rate in history, but African-American poverty has reached its lowest rate also ever recorded. It's a great thing, right? So -- and we've just started. We've just started. Remember, same true for Hispanic Americans, the lowest unemployment rate ever recorded.
Same for Asian Americans, lowest unemployment rate ever recorded. Women, lowest unemployment rate in 65 years. After years and years of working so hard, we finally put ourselves in a position where we can do things. And we can really do them. But we could do them an awfully lot better if we had more -- a real majority, not a majority of one, not a majority of literally if somebody's sick, it's like we have to postpone votes.
We need a real majority, and we're going to do everything that you've been looking for for a long time. You know, with that being said, we've done so much. We've done so much. We've just finalized the tremendous new trade agreement with South Korea, where it was a disaster. That was a Hillary Clinton catastrophe.
Remember she said, "We are going to create 250,000 new jobs"? And she was right, for South Korea. It was good.  And we've just totally renegotiated it. We've made it good. And we've opened up new negotiations with Japan, who would not negotiate with the previous administration. You know why? Because they said, "No, we're happy.
Why should we negotiate? We're not going to negotiate." Well, we said, "We want to negotiate." And with the European Union, "We want to negotiate." And they said...  I love you, too. You're not my type, but I love you. That was a strong guy, by the way, in case...  Because if that was a woman, I'm in big trouble.
And you know what? I go, I hope you're a guy. Are you? So -- so the European Union and Japan, I said, "Listen, we lost $151 billion, with a B, with you." We lost $151 billion. Jean-Claude -- he's the head of the European Union -- I said, "Jean-Claude" -- he's tough and smart, smart, really tough. I don't think he likes our country too much, but I've told him that many times.
Well, they were formed -- right? -- they were formed in order to take advantage of us. "So, Jean-Claude, for years, the Obama administration wanted to negotiate and you said, 'No, we're not going to negotiate.' I'm telling you, I want to negotiate." We lost $151 billion with the European Union. Many of us come from the European Union.
I do. I do. Many of the people in the room, sounds so nice, European Union. And they're just killing us. So I said, "We have to negotiate." "Oh, yes, yes." Two weeks go by, we don't get a call. I call him up again, I say, "Jean-Claude! We got to negotiate." "Oh, yes, yes, yes. Oh, yes." Beautiful accent.
I wish I had his accent.  I would have been president 15 years ago if I had his accent. And I said, "Jean-Claude, please, we got to negotiate! I can't take this, $151 billion we lose. You have barriers against our farmers. We can't sell farm products. You have barriers against our cars, and yet you give us millions of Mercedes and BMW and all these cars, they pour into our country.
You have barriers and you charge us big tariffs for products. And you make it impossible for us to give you -- but you sell us so much. Jean-Claude, we have to negotiate." And he said, "Oh, yes, yes, yes." Two weeks go by. No negotiation. I say, "Jean-Claude, you don't have to negotiate anymore, Jean-Claude.
I am going to put a 25 percent tariff on Mercedes Benz, BMW, and every car you send in to the United States." "We're putting a 25 percent tariff or tax on every car, millions and millions of cars, that you send in to the United States." He said, "No, no, no, please! I will be there tomorrow morning." This was an evening.
I get to my office. He's there.  I said, "Where did you come from, New York?" "No, no, no, I came from Europe." I said, "Let me know the name of that plane. That is the fastest plane."  And now they're dying to make a deal. You saw what's been going on with these deals. China! They're draining us. They're taking our money.
They're rebuilding themselves. They're building a jet a day. They're building many, many bridges the size and bigger than, like, the George Washington Bridge. What are we doing? We're helping them. We've rebuilt China. They've taken so much money. I like President Xi, the head of China, but I said, "We can't do this anymore." So now we put $50 billion of tariffs on. And they said... They said, "No, no, no, no, you cannot do that.
If you go $50 billion, we'll go $50 billion." I said, "Wait a minute, we're already $500 billion behind. So if I go $50 billion, you go $50 billion, that means we're at the same place we started from. That's not what this is all about. We have to bring some balance. We can't do this." So they said, "No." So it's $50 billion at 10 percent.
I increased it to 25 percent, and I put $200 billion on top of the $50 billion. So now we have $250 billion at 25 percent. By the way, billions and billions of dollars. The fake news people back there, all those people with all those red lights... they don't want to talk about it. But all of that money, billions of dollars will be flowing in to our treasury.
Many of the products that we're buying over there will be made in the United States because they don't want to pay the tax and there's no tariffs. And I said, "If you attack our farmers, who I love" -- they're special. See, he's got the green hat on? "Make Our Farmers Great Again." Right? "Make Our Farmers Great Again." But they said, "You know what?
The farmers love Trump. We'll attack the farmers by not buying" -- well, guess what? They're starting to buy again, aren't they? But I said, "If you do that, we're going to put an additional $267 billion onto your numbers. So we're going to have $500 billion and probably it'll end up $562 billion when you add it all up, including the little stars all over the place." And you know what?
They want to talk. They want to make a deal. Then China's been hurt very badly over the last number of months. Their markets are down 30 percent. And our markets are up 55 percent since I became president. And I hope we can make a deal with China, but honestly, who knows? But we're very happy where we are.
Very, very happy. And I want to thank the farmers, because, you know, I watch the farmers. And they say -- and don't forget, the farmers have been going down like this for 20 years; long before I got here. We're going to bring those green caps. You're going to be so proud of me, OK? You're going to be so proud.
They want to talk. And at some point, they're talking. But I told them just recently, "You're not ready to talk yet. You're not ready." In all fairness, they've been making so much money. It's hard for them to say -- they're making $500 billion a year because we had -- ha, let's be nice -- we had presidents that it wasn't their thing.
But it is my thing. Do you know how wealthy our country would be if they didn't have these really stupid deals all over the place, so many of them? And how about our military deals, where we protect rich nations and we don't get reimbursed? How about that stuff? That's changing, too, folks. We protect Saudi Arabia.
Would you say they're rich? And I love the king, King Salman. But I said, "King, we're protecting you. You might not be there for two weeks without us. You have to pay for your military." "You have to pay." And Japan is going to also contribute. Japan -- we protect Japan. They pay us a small percentage. We protect South Korea.
They pay us -- and by the way, we're doing great on North Korea, but South Korea. They got to reimburse us. They've got to reimburse us. Republicans passed and I signed the biggest package of tax cuts and reform in the history of our country. We have cut a record number of regulations. Now, we got no Democrat support for any of this.
This is what's driving our economy, those two things. We have approved a record number of affordable generic drugs. Watch what's going to happen to drug prices. And to help critically ill patients get access to life-saving treatments, we passed what's called Right to Try. A person's terminally ill, they're going to die, and before me, if we had a drug that was really looking good or promising, we wouldn't give them, because we didn't want to hurt the person.
They're going to die. And it is actually much more complicated than that. They've been trying to pass this for 45 years. Well, two months ago, I signed Right to Try. We have the greatest drugs in the world, the greatest drugmakers in the world. I would watch wealthy people travel all over the world trying to find a cure.
And poor people just went home. They had no hope. Now they have the right to try. If we have a drug that looks good but it's two years or three years or four years out -- and, by the way, we brought that number from 15 years, we think it's going to be down to four and in some cases three. Way down. Scott is doing a great job.
Scott, get that number down, Scott. And now we have that -- I love that. Right to Try, such a great name. Right to Try. You have hope. We also passed veterans' choice. Forty-four years they tried to do it. Giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor if they've got to wait on line for weeks and weeks and weeks.
Forty-four years! And we passed the landmark V.A. Accountability Act. That's people that work in the V.A. that treat our veterans badly, and we couldn't do a thing about it, and now we can fire them so fast... I just signed legislation -- and you think that was easy, getting that through the unions and civil service?
That was a 48-year job. And your two senators helped me a lot, I will tell you. They helped me a lot. Thank you, Cindy. Thank you, Roger. And your congressmen, by the way, helped me a lot -- in particular your congressman. I just signed legislation to completely rebuild our military, securing $700 billion, and then the following year $716 billion to purchase the finest planes and ships and tanks and missiles and submarines on the face of the Earth, all made in America, made in the USA.
And we have given our troops their largest pay raise in more than a decade. Isn't that nice? About time. At my direction, the Pentagon is now working very hard to create the sixth branch of the American armed forces. It's called the Space Force. So you have the Air Force, you have the Space Force. Separate.
The Space Force. And that's what it's all about, folks. You look at what's happening. I'm not just talking rockets to the moon and to Mars. I'm talking about defense. I'm talking about -- that's where it is. It's in space. Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, right? Space Force! I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal.
And Iran is a much different country. They're trying to put out all the riots they have all over that country. You know, when I became a president, I looked there -- before I became -- I said, "How are you stopping Iran?" Nobody was able to tell me. And I did this and they have shattered, man. They have shattered.
I got rid of that deal. How about we gave them $150 billion for nothing? We gave them $1.8 billion in cash for nothing. And we've recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And we won't even mention how well we're doing with North Korea. But when I came in there, too, they were going to go to war with North Korea.
President Obama said it was his biggest problem. We sat before I took office. "What's your biggest problem?" "Biggest problem is North Korea. We were going to go with North Korea." We're doing very well now with North Korea. You don't feel that way anymore, right? You don't feel that way anymore. And the fake news comes out and says, "He's giving so much." I haven't given anything.
We got our hostages back, right? We've got a lot and we're getting the remains of our great fallen heroes back. There's been no rockets launched. There's been no missiles launched. There's been no nuclear tests. And we have a good relationship. And Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is going over to North Korea next week.
And we're working on a second summit. And it just feels good. Now, who knows, folks? Who knows? I can just tell you, when we came in, before I came in, and at the beginning when the rhetoric was tough, right, that rhetoric was tough, these people were saying, "Oh, he's going to get us into a war." Well, guess what?
That worked out. That rhetoric was tough. And let's see what happens. But we're doing very well. We're doing very well. For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Mississippi.
We are standing proudly. We are standing up for your national anthem. Right?  A lot of spirit. A lot of spirit. One of them said the other day, "You know, President Trump can't be beaten in 2020." That's driving them crazy. Oh! Who the hell's going to beat us? Look, who's going to beat us? If another president came in, and they said, "We're coming to Mississippi, and we're going to make a speech," you know how many people would show up? Really, 300, 400. You'd have a medium-sized meeting room at a hotel.
Look at this place. Look at this place. Look at this place! We're lifting millions of our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. That's what's happening. But to continue our incredible momentum, you have to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, get out and vote Republican, vote for Cindy Hyde-Smith and vote for Roger Wicker.
Got to do it. A vote for Republicans is a vote for lower taxes, less regulation and more products made right here in the USA. It's a vote to reduce crime, respect law enforcement and restore the rule of law. It's a vote for strong borders, safe communities and thriving families, which you are. And a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democrat politics of anger, destruction, chaos, and to come together as neighbors, as citizens and as Americans.
To everyone in this room tonight, to every citizen watching all across our land, this is your time to choose. Very important time when you look at what's happening to Judge Kavanaugh. This is a very important time. It's time to choose whether we turn backward to the failure and frustrations of the past or whether we continue forward into the unlimited promise of our future.
It's not up to the media or the pundits to decide your fate. It's up to you. The future is in your hands, as it was in 2016. That was a beautiful time. There has never been an election like this in our country's history. You have the power -- just as you did in 2016 -- with your vote to same America from socialism and to save America from decay.
It's up to you on November 6th to choose a future of patriotism, prosperity and pride. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to everyday Americans. We stand on the shoulder of the giants of American history, the greatest, the toughest, the most courageous men and women ever to walk the face of the Earth.
Our ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a continent, won a revolution, and fought to victory in two world wars. Think of it. Think of it. Right? Think of it. American patriots defeated fascism, triumphed over communism, and delivered millions and millions and millions of people into freedom. These courageous patriots did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others tried to tear down their legacy and destroy our proud American heritage, right?
Just like the pioneers and patriots who came before us, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory.
Because we are Americans, and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. We are one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you very much, Mississippi. Get out and vote. Thank you.
We -- the deal we made with Canada and Mexico has gotten tremendous reviews, as you see. It's been very well received by farmers, and ranchers, and industrialists, and workers generally. And it's been really something. And I think it's also going to be a very good deal for Mexico. And I believe it's going to be a very good deal for Canada.
But it's gotten tremendous reviews, and it's going through the process. And even many of the Democrats, including Chuck Schumer, came out and said nice things. So that's very nice to hear that. So it's nice to see a little bit of a bipartisan approach.
But the trade deal -- the big trade deal -- the largest deal ever made, so far, in trade -- I expect to top it with China or EU or something. But this is the largest ever made.
And, as you know, now we're working on China. We're working on Japan. We're working on EU. But these are great deals for our nations and great deals for our workers. So --
Oh, I think the Democrats are going to like the trade deal. They already do. A lot of them have come out and said very positive things about it.
We seem to have great support for the trade bill. It covers just about everybody.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
I'd have to read the story because I don't know what story you're talking about.
I don't think you should lie to Congress. And there have been a lot of people over the last year that have lied to Congress. And, to me, that would not be acceptable.
I think that Judge Kavanaugh is doing pretty well -- it seems to me -- over the last 24 hours. A lot is going to depend on what comes back from the FBI, in terms of their additional -- number seven -- investigation.
But I think that Judge Kavanaugh is doing very well right now.
We spoke, and that's moving along nicely, but I don't want to interrupt what's going on with Judge Kavanaugh. I don't want to do anything to interrupt what's happening with Judge Kavanaugh.
And I think the process -- I must say, I think -- hopefully, as Mitch said, they'll have a vote by the end of the week, and it will be a positive vote. But it will be dependent on what comes back from the FBI. The FBI -- the FBI is working. They're working very hard. And let's see what happens.
I think he was fighting people that were making very tough charges against him, and I thought he did very well; I really did. I thought he did very well. He's fighting very hard for his reputation, for his family. I thought what happened was really tough. It was tough stuff.
I've been watching this stuff for a long time. I've never seen anything like going on with respect to Judge Kavanaugh. This is a high quality person. This is a number-one student -- a top intellect. He's never gone through anything like this. I think he did very well.
I think he'll be totally impartial. I think he's a great judge. He's known as a great judge.
If there's one disappointment, I don't think that you people covered an aspect that's very important -- very, very important-- and that's what he's done over the last 30 years. You know, you're going back to high school. You're going back to college. What has he done over the last 30 years? He has been spectacular. He has been a tremendous, tremendous success.
Well, I heard Lindsey say that, and certainly it's interesting. People love him. I was in Tennessee last night, and I want to say that those people -- we had a sold-out arena with thousands of people outside. Everywhere I go -- I'm going to Pennsylvania -- it's the same thing. They are so in favor of Judge Kavanaugh. You've never seen anything like it.
I actually think it's like a rallying cry for the Republicans. They are so in favor of Judge Kavanaugh.
So Melania is in Africa. I just saw on television her walking out of the plane -- it was beautiful -- and saying hello to the kids. She is really doing a great job as First Lady.
No, no. I want to see what happens with the FBI. They're coming back with the reports. They'll be back --
They'll be back very soon. Are you talking about a second time?
I mean, this was Lindsey's idea. Lindsey is a friend of mine -- at least for the last six months, as you know. Lindsey is a friend of mine. And -- and he's done, really, a great thing and a great service for our country -- Lindsey Graham.
But I -- I have to say that I really think that Judge Kavanaugh is going to be accepted and voted on and positively voted on. But we're going to have to see what the FBI says. They'll come back with a report.
Well, it's a tough thing going on. If you can be a -- an exemplary person for 35 years. And then somebody comes and they say you did this or that; and they give three witnesses; and the three witnesses, at this point, do not corroborate what you were saying, that's a very scary situation, where you're guilty until proven innocent.
My whole life, I've heard you're innocent until proven guilty. But now, you're guilty until proven innocent. That is a very, very difficult standard.
Well, I say that it's a very scary time for young men in America, when you can be guilty of something that you may not be guilty of. This is a very, very -- this is a very difficult time.
What's happening here has much more to do than even the appointment of a Supreme Court Justice. It really does. You could be somebody that was perfect your entire life, and somebody could accuse you of something. It doesn't necessarily have to be a woman, as everybody say -- but somebody could accuse you of something, and you're automatically guilty.
But in this realm, you are truly guilty until proven innocent. That's one of the very, very bad things that's taking place right now.
There's not a message now, but you might have a message by the end of the week. You may have a message. You're going to see. You're going to see.
But he's an outstanding person. He's an outstanding man. And for his sake and for the sake of his family, I hope he does well. I think he's been very -- I think he's been very brutally treated.
I've been speaking to people. I've been speaking to people.
We're going to talk later. I don't want to do anything to interrupt what's happening -- this process. That's fine, but I don't want to do anything to interrupt the process.
Well, I don't drink. I've never had a drink. I don't drink beer. I've never had a beer. And I'm not saying good or bad -- some people like it. I just chose not to do that for a lot of reasons.
I think that -- I remember my college days; everybody was drinking. It was, like, normal. I was abnormal. It was totally normal. Everybody was drinking. And they used to drink a lot of beer. And there was nothing wrong -- I just didn't choose to do that. But almost everybody else did.
So I don't see anything wrong --
No, I never tried anything else.
Hello, Johnson City. It is great to be with you. I am thrilled to be back. I look forward to being back in the great state of Tennessee, with thousands of hard-working American patriots. That's what you are. In less than two years, we've achieved the biggest comeback in American history. You look at what's happened.
And our country is respected again. We're respected again. Jobless claims are at a 50-year low. And the stock market is at an all-time high. The economy is booming, wages are rising, and more Americans are working today than ever before. Ever before. And think of that. Think of that. Such a simple statement.
But such a complex thing to do. Think of it. More Americans are working today than ever before. What a beautiful statement. Get out and vote in November. It can all change around quickly, folks. We are defending our Second Amendment, taking care... But Bredesen will not defend your Second Amendment. We're taking care of our great veterans and rebuilding America's military might.
And just today, we made history again when I announced to the world that we are replacing the job-killing disaster known as NAFTA... with a brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada -- we added Canada, worked out great -- trade agreement. And we're calling it USMCA. No more NAFTA. No more NAFTA. It's the largest trade deal the United States has ever negotiated.
And it's also a great deal for our country. It's going to produce jobs. And companies aren't going to be leaving and firing everybody and making product and sending it back into the United States, no tax. It's there. It's modern. And it's balanced. And you know what? We have two wonderful partners now. Now they're partners, Mexico and Canada, and that's a good thing.
That's a good thing. America's winning again, and America is being respected again, because we are finally putting America first. But radical Democrats in Congress are trying very hard to erase everything that we've achieved. They're looking out there right now and they're trying to figure out, how do they take an election because they want to take it back?
You look at your 401(k)s. You know, we're up from the time of the election 55 percent.
I love you, too. He doesn't sound like my type. You know, that voice is very strong. But I love him. Whoever you are, I love you. We're just five weeks from one of the most important congressional elections of our lifetime. They're trying to take what we did in '16, something that nobody has seen maybe in other countries, not alone -- it was the greatest election victory in the history of our country.
And between the Democrats, who are obstructionists, who are people that don't want to see strong military, they don't want borders, they don't mind crime... and their enablers, the fake news media, right back there. We've got to be very careful. We've got to be very careful. A Democrat takeover of Congress will plunge our country into gridlock and chaos and take away all of the wealth that you've earned over the last 20 months.
This -- and think of this. The stock market, which is up at record levels, and now the highest, will drop. Your 401(k)s will be devastated. Your taxes will rise beyond your wildest imagination. And crime will flow in to our country through these open borders. Other than that, we'll be doing very well. It's crazy.

And we are. We want to get more money. We want to -- I could build that thing in one year. I could build it. We got $1.6 billion, $1.6 billion, and another $1.6 billion. We want to build it fast. I can build it -- so after the election, leadership has said, meaning Republicans, they're going to do something that's going to be very strong.
Let's see what happens. But -- but the wall is under construction. A lot of work has been done. A lot of renovation -- if you look at some of it, some wall was up, falling down, terrible condition, now it's beautiful, brand new, and it works. It does work. We need wall. We need border security. We want -- we got to take care of our people.
Look at what's going on. Look at what's going on in California. You have a man running for governor in California that says we don't want any borders. We don't want ICE. We do want sanctuary cities. And they're going to take care of health care, they're going to take care of education, they're going to care of everything for people that just flow in. You're going to have a billion people living in California.
It's going to be a mess. We have it right. We have it going properly. This country will never be Venezuela, that I can tell you, because that's what they're looking for. That's what they're looking for. The Democrat Party has been completely taken over by the so-called resistance. That's all they do. They campaign on resist.
I'll tell you something. They're only good at one thing. They stick together like glue. That's it. They have bad policy. Frankly, they're bad politicians. Everything's bad. But they stick together. We have to be very careful, they'll take everything, including your Second Amendment. They'll take everything away.
Democrats believe that they're entitled to power, and they have been blind in a blind rage ever since, boy, they lost the 2016 -- they've gone loco. They have gone loco. They have gone crazy. This election is a choice between a Republican Party that is building our future and a Democrat Party that is trying to burn our future down.
The Democrats only know how to obstruct, demolish, and destroy. As we've seen in recent weeks, Democrats are willing to do anything and to hurt anyone to get their way, like they're doing with Judge Kavanaugh. They've been trying to destroy him since the very first second he was announced, because they know that Judge Kavanaugh will follow the Constitution as written.
That's been his history. And he's a good man. Great student, great intellect. Never had a problem. All of a sudden, oh, let's go back to high school. They maybe should go before high school. And I know so many of them. You have the great Vietnam War hero who didn't go to Vietnam -- you know that, right -- Blumenthal.
How about Blumenthal? How about Blumenthal? Da Nang Blumenthal, we call him Da Nang Blumenthal. For 15 years, as the attorney general of Connecticut, he went around telling war stories. People dying left and right, but my platoon marched forward. He was never in Vietnam. It was a lie. And then he's up there -- then he's up there saying we want the truth from Judge Kavanaugh.
And you're getting the truth from Judge Kavanaugh. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Da Nang. You know Da Nang, right? Great city in Vietnam. And then you have Cory Booker, who destroyed Newark. I mean, the job he did in Newark. And see some of the things he wrote when he was young about women. Take a look, OK? And then they want to take a lot longer with the FBI.
No, the FBI -- they should take -- by the way, if we took 10 years, they'd want more time. But they want to take a lot longer. But Dianne Feinstein, she had this... She had this letter for months, and she didn't reveal it until everything was finished. Then she revealed it. Then she says, oh, we want more time.
Let's see how it all works out. But I'll tell you what, they're trying to destroy a very fine person. And we can't let it happen. We can't let it happen. Democrats want activist, left-wing judges who will totally rewrite your laws, erase your borders, and replace your values. You don't want that in Tennessee.
Republicans know that a judge's job is to follow the law and to deliver equal justice for all. The Democrats can no longer be trusted with your power and with their power. You can't let it happen. They have moved so far left that Pocahontas is considered a conservative. True. That's right. Elizabeth Warren.
She said she's considering a run for the presidency. Please, please run. How about that group, Biden? Biden. We call him 1 percent Biden. Until Obama took him off the trash heap, he couldn't do anything. Now he's talking about running. Tough guy. He's tough guy. He's -- he's a real genius. I want to challenge him to a fight behind the barn.
Oh, would I love that? Wouldn't that be good? I want to challenge Donald Trump. Remember that? He got a little upset. He's another beauty. They got some real beauties going. This November 6th, you have the chance to reject the outrageous policies of the Democrat Party. Not the Democratic Party. But the Democrat Party.
Sounds worse, right? But that's their real name. It's the Democrat Party. But you can only do it. You got to vote for Republican. We need more Republicans to get the votes. Stop the crime. You know, I said the other night, and I said, you know, I think I'm going to keep it. It's a little harsh, but I think I'll keep it. Democrats are the party of crime.
How does that sound? They're the party of crime. Sounds a little tough, but it's true. Open borders. We're thrilled to be joined by many terrific Republican members of Congress, people that are friends of mine, people that have helped me, people that love your state and they love other states and they love our country.
One of them is a man that everybody knows in this state very well. His name is Phil Roe. And he has really helped. Phil? Thank you, Phil. He's always there for you. Thank you, Phil. Another man said -- this is what I was Mr. Trump, not Mr. President -- I was here, he said, you know, we do early voting in Tennessee.
He said, sir, I want to tell you that people are coming out of the mountains, out of the rivers, out of -- they're coming out of the valleys. They're coming -- they said -- right? They're coming out of everywhere. He said, I've never seen anything. I've been doing this stuff for 30 years more. And he said, this is what before -- you know, I'm waiting like we had, like, 30 days, but you have early voting in Tennessee.
So I've never seen anything like it. People that haven't voted, because they haven't liked anybody. These are great people. These are great, incredible people. But they didn't exactly like what they had to go for. So they have a -- now they're coming out with Trump banners, Trump hats, Trump -- you know, make America great again.
And this man -- he said, I can't speak for the rest of our nation, but if the nation's like Tennessee, you're going to win by a lot. And that's exactly what happened, right? John Duncan, Congressman, thank you, John. Where's John? Good. Thank you, John. He made me feel very good before the election. A friend of mine, a great congressman, somebody who's really worked hard.
Even though he's not from your state, does it matter? He's just a great congressman. I see him here. He has been so strong, so smart. He loves this country so much, Congressman Mark Meadows. Thank you, Mark. And Deborah. Deborah, thank you, Deb. Congressman Chuck Fleischmann, who has been fantastic. Where's Chuck?
Chuck? Thank you, Chuck. Chuck has been great. Morgan Griffith, Scott DesJarlais -- my favorite name in politics. DesJarlais. Thank you, fellas. Thank you. You guys are great. These are really -- these are great people. You know, we don't have to devote a lot of time. I'm just -- these are great people. These are people that love our country.
They want to do the right thing. You know, there's nothing wrong with having strong borders, strong law enforcement. You want to be safe. There's nothing wrong with paying low taxes. There's really nothing wrong. You want to have a strong military, especially in these times. You know, if you have a strong military, you're never going to have to use it. You're never going to have to use it. And we're going to very shortly have the strongest military we've ever had.
We're also joined -- thank you, all -- we're also joined by future Republican members of Congress, Tim Burchett. Where's Tim? Tim? We got to get Tim in there. Tim? Thank you, Tim. John Rose, John, thank you, John. Mark Green, I hear they're up pretty good, but don't take any chances. Don't take any chances.
You've got to go vote. Don't take any chances. We've got to get them in. But they're up pretty good. This is a hell of a state, I'll tell you that. These people... I also want to thank your great governor. I had dinner with him the other night. We were with a group of people. It was a fascinating dinner.
He loves this state, also, and he's done a great job as governor, Governor Bill Haslam. Thank you. Thank you, Bill. Thank you. And Lieutenant Governor Randy McNally, thank you. Thank you, Randy. Great. Great job. Thank you. Great job. And very importantly, we have Tennessee's next governor, Bill Lee. And a man who did a fantastic job during the election for Trump.
I will tell you, State Party Chairman Scott Golden. Thank you, Scott. Thanks, Scott. Thanks. And, finally, the person we are here tonight to support. We cherish this person. She's a fighter. A true fighter for the people of Tennessee. She loves your state. And she's your next U.S. senator, she's going to be fantastic, Marsha Blackburn, Marsha, come up, please.
So I just want to thank Marsha Blackburn. And I will you, she's all about Tennessee values. That's the one. She's got Tennessee values. A vote for Marsha is really a vote for me and everything that we stand for. It's a vote for make America great again. That's what it is. A vote for Bredesen is a vote for Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi... and the real leader of the Democrats, Maxine Waters.
Phil Bredesen wants to raise your taxes. As governor, remember this -- you've got to remember -- seems like a nice guy, but what good does that do? As governor, he raised taxes and fees in your state by more than $1 billion. He opposes the border wall totally. He supported driver certificates for illegal aliens.
And on his watch, Tennessee unemployment doubled. It doubled in the -- whatever it was. How long was he there? Eight? It doubled. You want him to be running -- I don't think so. I don't think so. He doubled unemployment. In 2010, Phil wrote a book advocating government-run health care. That's what you want?
You want to wait on line for about six weeks to get taken care of? And called for it to be funded by a 20 percent payroll tax on all of the hard-working Americans, many are in this room right now. Government-run health care. No, I don't think so. That hasn't proven too successful anywhere else. Phil was a major financial supporter of President Obama and of Hillary -- crooked Hillary Clinton.
She's crooked as hell. Now Phil is running to be the 51st Senate Democrat and the 51st -- Democrats are elected in November, then Chuck Schumer will become a majority leader. You put in 51. Even though he said something good about our deal with Canada and Mexico today, but how can you not say good? That's why Schumer is so desperate for Phil to win, because everything that we stand for will never get the votes.
We need votes. It's very important. Number one, Marsha will be a great, great senator, but, number two, we need the votes. We've got to have the vote. And he will never once vote for us. Just remember, he will never vote for us. Not on judges. You know, one of the reasons they say I got elected was that Supreme Court judge -- they always say the single most important thing that the president can do is the selection of a Supreme Court judge.
OK. So we picked Justice Neil Gorsuch, who has been fantastic. And now Judge Brett Kavanaugh is actually doing well. I really believe -- we've got to do it. We cannot allow ourselves... to be pushed around. Phil is only running because Chuck Schumer called him up and begged him. The word is begged him to run because Schumer knows the Democrats' path to power runs right through Tennessee.
Again, Second Amendment, higher taxes, lots of crime, MS-13, get used to them. No ICE. We don't want ICE, they say. If you want to stop Schumer from becoming majority leader, if you want to stop your taxes from going up 50 percent or more -- that's what's going to happen -- then you must vote against Bredesen.
Your vote in this election will decide which party controls the Senate. That's how close it is. You know, I'd like to tell you no, but that's how close it is. A Democrat-controlled Senate will always be raising your taxes. They'll always throw open your border. There's nothing you can do. There's nothing he's going to do to change it. He's going to vote with the Democrats.
There's not going to be -- I mean, you look at health care. We got no votes. Look at -- we gave you the largest tax cuts in the history of this country. We didn't get one Democrat vote. And they don't vote for a reason. They just vote because it's bad for Trump. In other words, they want to stop anything that we do. If it's really good, they still want to stop it. And we don't want to let that happen.
We have unbelievable things planned, and we have to let it happen. Flood your streets. They're going to flood your streets with criminal aliens. That's what's going to happen.
They're always attacking law enforcement. I'll give you an example. Under the Obama administration, we have tremendous amounts of surplus military equipment. Right? Tremendous equipment. You know, heavy armor, lots of different things, that keep the law enforcement professionals, people that we love, that keeps them safe.
They didn't want to give it them. I have given it to them. I'm sorry. They want to block your great judges. They want to weaken the military. They don't -- it's not even weaken. They don't want to spend any money on the military. You know, the beautiful thing about military -- number one, you need it. Everything's like jobs, jobs is very important to me. When it comes to the military, it's not the jobs.
OK? That's totally secondary. But we will soon have the strongest military that we've ever had. We had fighter jets -- we had fighter jets and we had airplanes in our military where the father flew 'em, the grandfather flew 'em, and the son as a young pilot goes in, flying the same planes. You know what?
They're all going fast. We've ordered all incredible new, finest jets in the world. But the other thing is, they're made right here in the USA. All of them. Jobs, jobs, jobs. They want to outlaw private health insurance. So you'll get great health insurance, and we're already doing it. We're providing you with tremendous amounts of competition.
You're getting great health insurance and it's going to get better when we can get a few more votes so we can do it the way you want it. This is the way you want it. They want to shut down American energy and replace freedom with socialism. They want... They want to turn -- it's true -- the Democrats want to turn America into Venezuela.
That'll be wonderful. That'll be wonderful. We're not going to let it happen. And you know what, even most Democrats -- I can't believe -- when you look at what they're doing with sanctuary cities and everything, I can't believe most of them are going for it. Also at stake in this election is Medicare. Democrats in Washington want to raid Medicare to pay for their socialism.
Democrats are pushing so-called medicine for all, robbing our seniors of all of their Medicare benefits. That's what's happening. Republicans want to protect Medicare and our great seniors who have earned it and paid for it. And we always protect Americans with their pre-existing conditions. We're doing that.
On pre-existing conditions, a lot of people think it's not a very Republican thing. It is now, and it has been for me. I want to take care of people with pre-existing conditions. We're doing well. We can do it. Democrats also want to give welfare and free health care to illegal aliens. Republicans want to protect public benefits.
And we do. We want to protect benefits and public benefits for truly needy Americans, Americans that need help. Democrats want to abolish ICE. In other words, they want to abolish immigration enforcement entirely. And the Democrat Party supports sanctuary cities that unleash violent predators, like MS-13, into our communities.
And remember what I said. It's the party of crime. Democrats -- they really are. You look at what they're doing. Even look at what they're doing in Congress. Even look at what they're doing with our laws, the way they treat our laws, the way they treat country. What they do in Congress. They are indeed the party of crime.
Every day, innocent lives are stolen because of Democrat-supported immigrant policies. If you just take a look, you have immigration policies that are so bad, so dangerous. Just recently in California, an illegal alien with a sex crime conviction and other convictions had a prior deportation. They wanted to deport this person.
They never did. He was convicted for killing a local football coach who leaves behind a wife and six beautiful kids. A pillar of the community. By the way, this is all over. You could go -- you could do this for days. Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens.
And Republicans proudly stand with the brave men and women of ICE, Border Patrol, and we stand with law enforcement. This election in November is about safety, and it's also about prosperity. The prosperity of our country. We are doing things now that nobody believes. We are hitting numbers that nobody believes.
Here are just some of our achievements since Election Day. Thank you. We've created over 4 million new jobs. Nobody thought that was possible, 4 million. And lifted almost 4 million Americans off of food stamps. We've added nearly 600,000 new manufacturing jobs. That wasn't supposed to happen. Remember when President Obama said you can't do manufacturing?
Magic wand, right? You'd need a magic wand. You don't need a magic wand. You need proper policies. You need a lot of things. You don't need a magic wand. Remember this. And you've heard me say it a lot. I'm very proud of it. African-American unemployment -- think of it -- African-American unemployment just reached the lowest level ever recorded.
Right? Right? Right? After years of Democrats failing and abandoning African-Americans, Republicans are delivering for African-Americans like never before. We're doing the job. And you saw that the other night with Kanye West. How good was Kanye West? And Big Jim Brown. And so many others. We're supported by so many great folks.
Jim Brown. Boy, we could use him on some of those teams right now, couldn't we? Couldn't we? Hispanic American and Asian American unemployment also reached all-time lows. Women's unemployment recently reached its lowest level in 65 years. That's going to be coming out soon. I think it'll be in history. And last week, I signed a groundbreaking new trade deal with South Korea that dramatically increases American exports.
You remember that deal? Remember that deal? Hillary Clinton -- that was a Hillary deal -- she said we must have this deal with South Korea. It will create 250,000 jobs. And it did for South Korea, not for us. It created jobs for South Korea. We now have a good thing. Friend or foe? Friend or foe? Friend, OK. You never know.
When you hear little noises like that, you say foe, get them out, right? But they're friends. We only have friends in Tennessee, I think. We're also entering new trade talks with the European Union, which, frankly, has treated us extremely badly, and with Japan. Japan sends us millions and millions of cars.
And we're working on a trade deal. We're working on a trade deal. It will be fine. And we are cracking down on China's unfair and abusive trade practices. Got to do it. We've been losing $300 billion, $400 billion, $500 billion a year to China. No more. No more. Right. No more. Can't do it. After years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation.
And we're doing it with American aluminum and we're doing it with American steel. And our steel is doing really well. Really well. To put more money in the pockets of Tennessee families, we passed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in the history of our country. And we eliminated the core of Obamacare.
We got rid of the individual mandate. It's gone. The worst part of our (inaudible) And as bad as those premiums are, we've kept the premiums down. We've done a lot of things. But we're trying to keep those premiums from the remnant of Obamacare down. But it will all get taken care of. We just need a few more votes.
This year alone, we have successfully lowered your health insurance premiums in the state of Tennessee by 26 percent. That's not bad. Under the past administration, it was like a rocket ship going up. To help critically ill patients access life-saving treatments, we just passed something they've been trying to pass for 45 years.
Right to try. You know what that is. Right to try. Right? I'm very proud -- Meadows helped with that one. And Phil helped with that one, right, Phil? Phil Roe. You guys all helped with that one. And Greg, right, Greg was good. Did a good job. You know, right to try, so somebody's terminally ill, and we have medicines that have great help, great future.
They look good. They're very promising. But we had no right to give those medicines to somebody that's terminal, is going to die. They had no hope. If they had money, they traveled all over the world to find a cure, but yet we have the greatest doctors and the greatest medicine in the world here. But it would be years, three years, four years.
We've reduced it. It used to be 14, 15 years. I think we have it down to three-and-a-half to four. Scott is doing a great job at the FDA. But... Forty-five years they've been trying to pass -- not as easy as it sounds. Not as easy as -- I will tell you, not that easy, but we got it passed. So now somebody's terminally ill.
And if we have a drug that looks like it's possibly going to help, we can actually give it to those people. And you know what? Already we've had success. Some of these drugs are working. Some of these drugs are working. I'm very proud of it, right to try. Hopefully you don't have to use it, OK? I don't want you to have to use it, but you know what?
If you do, doesn't it make sense, instead of doing -- I mean, if you don't have the money, you just go home and you sit there and it's -- you lose hope, and if you do have money, you go all over the world trying to find a cure. So right to try, remember it. That was a big deal. We also passed veterans choice.
Any veterans in the room? Yes. We do. Young veteran. Young. We just passed choice. That was 44 years they've been trying to pass choice, so that if you have to wait in line for 9 days, 30 days, 21 days, months, you don't do that anymore. If the line's big, and if you're unhappy with it, you go to a private doctor, they take care of you, and we paid the bill.
It's better. And you save a lot of money. It's better. They've been trying to pass that one for many, many decades. They couldn't do it. We got it passed. We're good at passing things, right? We're good. We're good at passing things, right? Oh, look. Come here. Stand up, Phil Roe. Stand up. That's right.
That's right, Phil. Man, no wonder they love you in Tennessee. Great, right? And another one, we just passed the landmark V.A. Accountability Act, right? V.A. accountability. This is where you have employees at the V.A., Veterans Administration, who are terrible, who treat our great, great warriors who are troubled.
They're not well. They're sadist. They steal. They rob. They do a lot of bad things, some of them. Some people are incredible. But we now have the right to go after them. We now have the right to fire them. The V.A. Accountability Act is a big thing. And just last week, I signed a record $716 billion funding bill for our military.
And we are giving our troops the biggest pay raise they've had in over a decade. They deserve it. And I just withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal or disaster. And we've recognize the capital of Israel and opened the U.S. embassy in Jerusalem. We've done -- we've done so much, as point after point.
I will not do this to you, but look at this. Page after page after page after page after page. I mean, look at this. Created jobs, 4 million, created manufacturing, 600,000. I mean, you just go point after point -- each one is a major point. I mean, but we're not going to bore you. But nobody's done -- I'll tell you what.
Nobody has done this much in their first two years or probably in any two years -- nobody has done what we as a -- not me, what we have done with the help of all of these people and all of those people. Nobody. True. Nobody has done what we've done. 
And we've cut more regulations than any administration, whether it's two years, four years, eight years, 12 years, in one case. We have cut more than any president, any administration, in two years, and it's less than two years, we have cut more regulations. And yet we have crystal clean water. We have pure, beautiful air.
We're into that -- also, folks, but you don't have to turn off all business and send business to foreign countries to get it. Under my administration, we are no longer apologizing for America. We are standing up for America. Standing up. And we're standing up for your values. We're standing up for Tennessee.
And we are standing up very proudly for our flag and our national anthem. We are lifting millions of our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. That's what's happening. We're building a future of safety and hope and opportunity. And every city and every community in every part of this great land is prospering like they really have never prospered before.
You see what's happening. It's a beautiful thing to watch. That's why outside right now -- I hope they haven't left -- we put big screens out there for them -- but you have close to 20,000 people standing outside. In the great state of Missouri, you had a big, beautiful arena. I always say Madison Square Garden, less maybe 30 percent, OK? Big, beautiful arena.
It was packed. And in Missouri, they had -- you saw it -- 45,000 people outside. Think of it. So something is happening. And by the way... By the way, Claire McCaskill, who is another disaster, is being soundly beaten, we hope. We hope. Missouri. Audience Member
Thank you. Thank you, 45,000. So we're fighting for the right of all children to have a safe home, a great school, a loving family and a ladder that raises them up to reach their highest dreams. Wouldn't that be nice? We're unleashing the power of faith. We need more faith in this country. The might of justice and the glory of freedom is what we're about.
But to continue this incredible momentum, momentum like -- I don't know if you've ever had this in this country -- you know, I haven't been corrected. I said the 2016 election may have been the greatest election of all time. There's never been anything like this. And we had to fight the Democrats, but more difficult was fighting a very, very dishonest media.
That was much more difficult. Fighting the media is tougher than fighting the Democrats, but they're equal partners. So you have to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote Republican and vote for Marsha Blackburn and Bill Lee and all of the great Republicans that are running.
Bill Lee, going to be a great governor. A vote for Republicans is a vote for lower taxes, less regulation -- that's a big factor -- and more products made right here in the good, old USA. 
Remember the old days we had signs on cars and little decals all over the place? It said made in the USA. Guess what? That's what's happening now. Made in the USA. It's coming back. It's a vote to reduce crime, respect law enforcement, and restore the rule of law. Very simple. It's a vote for strong borders, safe communities, and thriving families, and a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democratic politics of anger, destruction, chaos, and to come together as citizens, as patriots, and as Americans, come together as Americans.
To everyone in this room tonight, to every citizen watching all across the land, and they do have a lot of those cameras rolling, unfortunately -- thank you. It's called -- you know what it's called? Earned media, and I earned it. That I will tell you. Earned media. Thank you very much for the earned media.
This is your time to choose. This is your time. It's the time to choose whether we turn backward to the failure and frustration of the past. Look at what we've done. Look at what we've done in far less than two years. Look at what we've done. Nobody believes it. They don't believe it. They don't believe it. And they don't want to report it. So we report it ourselves.
They don't want to report it. By the way, 15 percent of them are OK, 85 percent, no good. And it's also a choice of whether we continue forward into the unlimited promise of our future of this great land, this great country. We were losing our country. I've had so many people come up to me, great people, some of them strong and tough -- and, you know, these aren't emotional people -- they have tears in their eyes, say, Mr. President -- I saw one tonight, came up to me, a man, strong, tough cookie, I wouldn't want to fight him, OK? And he said Mr. President -- he's crying -- he said, thank you for saving our country.
So many people say that. So many people. It is not up to the media to decide our fate. It is not up to the pollsters or the pundits -- although our polls are very good right now. They're going nuts with that one. They don't like it when we have good polls. So usually they make up phony polls, but that's OK. They're called repression.
It's repression. Darling, you know the story. I say it a lot. Darling, I really like Donald Trump, but you know, he can't win because CNN did a poll. Hey, did those polls turn out to be wrong or what? But it's called repression. It's called repression. They're phony polls, just like fake news. They're phony, fake polls.
But they said, darling, I really like that guy, but, you know, the polls say, according to some of the news, the media, because most people think it's legit, although that's changed a very lot. They said, darling, let's go to a movie and then we'll come home and watch our friend, Donald. He'll just -- oh, it's so sad what's happening.
I mean, as an example, I heard, darling, that he's going to lose Texas. I heard that he's going to lose Utah. I heard he's going to lose Georgia. So sad. So sad. Well, you know, when Texas came out at 8 o'clock, they said, ladies and gentlemen, the polls have closed in Texas and the winner is Donald Trump.
Ladies and gentlemen, the polls have closed in the great state of Utah and the winner is Donald Trump. Ladies and gentlemen, the polls have closed in the great state of Georgia and the winner is Donald Trump. You see, if it's close, they take hours and hours and days. But when you win a landslide, they do it -- that's when I kept hearing he could be in trouble in Texas.
Yeah, I'd like -- I'd like to have trouble like that all the time. We love Texas. And Ted Cruz is starting to do really well in Texas now. And he is a friend of mine. He's doing really well. He's going to win by a lot. He's going to win by a lot. But we had a -- was that the greatest evening? Tell me. Go back two years, almost two years.
Was that the greatest evening, like, ever? Was that, like, the greatest evening? Remember the board? And, boy, that center, that whole thing -- outside a little blue here, a little blue here -- did you see the red -- the whole thing is red? And by the end of the evening, nice guy, John King, his hand was trembling.
He said, oh, oh, Wisconsin, that's been decades. Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin. His hand was shaking. What does this mean? What does this mean? Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan, and you hear the people behind him, oh, no, oh, no, don't. Remember that? Remember Pennsylvania? Pennsylvania hadn't been won for many years by a Republican.
It's a great state, great people. I thought we're going to do well there, I thought we were going to -- but all Republicans think they're going to do well in Pennsylvania and then they lose. So I thought we're going to do great in Pennsylvania. Do you remember? There was 1 percent of the vote left. If we lost every single vote, we win by a lot.
They refused to announce it. They refused. They waited until, like, what time, 1 o'clock in the morning? I said, wait a minute, if I lost every single vote, I win by a lot. Announce it. They wouldn't announce it. But they had to announce Wisconsin, Michigan. So nothing mattered. But that was one of the great evenings -- you know, that was one of the greatest rating evenings in the history of television, all because of you.
That was a great evening for all of us. And hopefully, we're going to have another great evening in November and you're going to get Marsha in there, because that's so important, Marsha Blackburn. It's up to you to choose our future. It's up to you to choose prosperity and pride over socialism and decay.
It's up to you on November 6th, right, November 6th, November 6th, 2018, loyal citizens like you helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country. We're returning power to the American people. That's what we campaigned on. This great state, the state of Tennessee, was forged through the sweat and sacrifice of tough pioneer men and women, tough people, good genes you have, good genes.
This is the state of Davy Crockett and Andrew Jackson. Andrew Jackson, who continues to be on the $20 dollar bill. You know that? Andrew Jackson -- they actually -- you know, they were comparing what we did a year-and-a-half ago -- thank you -- I think it was good what he said -- we were comparing -- they were always comparing it to Ronald Reagan.
Then as we went along, they were going -- then they actually started saying, no, the only one that we compare this one is Andrew Jackson. He had one wild election. And then they say, toward the end, and then with the big victory, they said, no, this was actually greater than even Andrew Jackson. And I'm a big Andrew Jackson fan.
And I went to Andrew Jackson's home in Tennessee. And it was great. And it was special. And he was a tough cookie, and he was a great president, too. This state is the home to generations of proud Americans who defy dangers and brave the elements to defend their families, their country, and always to defend their values.
This is what they do. They defend their values. They defend their families. What else do they defend? They defend our great American flag. Don't they defend that? They defend our flag. Just like the pioneers and patriots who came before us, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win.
We're winning. We're winning. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never, ever back down like these people over here. They'll never back down. Like him. Like him. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory, victory, victory. Because, as you know, we are American.
And our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Tennessee. Thank you.
I think it's going very well. The FBI, as you know, is all over talking to everybody, and I would expect -- he's a very high quality person -- I would expect it's going to turn out very well for the judge. There's never been anybody that's been looked at like Judge Kavanaugh. I think that it's going to work out very well, but the FBI, I believe, is doing a really great job. They have been all over, already.
Yeah, they have free reign. They're going to do whatever they have to do, whatever it is they do. They'll be doing things that we never even thought of, and hopefully at the conclusion, everything will be fine.
Yeah, I think he's great. I don't think there's ever been any person that's been under scrutiny like he has been. I think it's been a very tough process, but he's a good man who's a great judge. This is a great judge, highly respected for many, many years at the top of the list, and I hope everything works out great.
But I will say there are a lot of people going out right now, working very hard, I'm going to West Virginia. We have a big crowd. Many of you are going, and we're gonna have a lot of fun. We're gonna have a rally, and it's gonna be a lot of fun.
Well, I think we have a close race. That's going to be a race. We have a lot of close races. We have races, as an example, in the Senate, we're having races that nobody thought were possible, and now they're tied, and actually Republicans are winning.
And I really believe when the public looks at the situation that's taken place over the last three or four days, and what the Democrats are doing and, more importantly, how they're acting, so terribly, so dishonestly, keeping papers and documents, not releasing them until after hearings are over. I really think the Republicans are picking up a lot. I really believe that. I'll see you... I'll see you in West Virginia.
Well, I think it's fine, I think actually this could be a blessing in disguise, because having the FBI go out to a thorough investigation, whether it's three days or seven days, I think it's going to be less than a week. But having them do a thorough investigation, I actually think will be a blessing in disguise. It'll be a good thing. I'll see you in...
I don't have any... I don't need a backup plan. We'll have to see what happens. I think he's going to be fine. Again., one of the most respected men, and certainly one of the most respected, jurist or judges in the United States
Oh, I think she was, but we're going to have to find out. I think, frankly, the FBI has a chance to reveal a lot of different things. I'd like to find out who leaked that the papers. Was it Senator Feinstein? Because certainly her body language was not exactly very good when they asked her that question. So I would like to find out as part of it, who leaked the papers. Which Democrat leaked the papers. Thank you very much.
Hello, West Virginia. Hello. What a great song. How great is that song? I am thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of hard-working American patriots. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The people of West Virginia love our country, they honor our history and they always respect our great American flag, and this is a truly amazing time for our nation.
Our economy is booming like never before. Remember, I told you. And by the way, your state is booming like never before. Poverty is plummeting, our stock market is soaring, reached its all-time high, by the way, in history, which I view as: jobs, jobs, jobs. All-time high. And our great coal miners are back to work.
They're back to work. A lot of people said that wasn't going to happen, you're back to work. Not only back to work, they're opening up mines all over the place, we're opening up steel mills. And the steel mills need metallurgic coal, and those coal miners are working and the steel workers are working, and our whole country is working.
We're taking care of our veterans and our military will soon be more powerful than ever before. America is winning again, and America is respected again. I just left the United Nations. Believe me, they respect us now again. They all respect us. And what are we doing? We're putting America first, finally.
But a lot of what we've done, some people could say: "All of what we've done is at stake in November." Always fragile. We are just five weeks away from one of the most important congressional elections in our lifetimes. This is -- this is one of the big, big, in other words, that's true, I'm not running but I'm really running.
That's why I'm all over the place fighting for great candidates. I'm fighting for great candidates. You see what's going on. You see this horrible, horrible, radical group of Democrats. You see it happening right now. And they're determined to take back power by using any means necessary. You see the meanness, the nastiness.
They don't care who they hurt, who they have to run over in order to get power and control. That's what they want, is power and control. We're not going to give it to them. We're going to keep it running the way it's been running. While Republicans are fighting every day for jobs, safety, opportunity, lack of crime, with them it's crime, open borders.
They've been on a mission to resist and obstruct, and destroy, and you see that over the last four days. You see it. It's up to each of you, with your precious vote. It is that -- you know in 2016, we have the same thing happening, the same thing. People are going to be very, very surprised. When you win the presidency, in theory, you're not supposed to do great in the midterm, but nobody's ever had a presidency like this, because I won the presidency.
So I won the presidency, which is really "we" won the presidency, and we have the greatest economy that this nation has ever seen, jobs and everything else. So we won - and we have so many things happening that are so good. So we should do well in the midterms. I can't imagine not, but you have to get -- don't be complacent.
The one thing that could happen, and the beautiful thing that's going on over the last few days in the Senate. When you see the anger, when you see people that are angry and mean and nasty and untruthful, when you look at releases and leaks, and then they say: "Oh, I didn't do it, I didn't do it" Remember Dianne Feinstein.
Did you leak- Remember her answer? "Did you leak the document?", "Ahh, ahh, what? No, no. I didn't. Well, wait. One minute. Did we leak-- Oh, No, we didn't." I'll tell you what, that was really bad body language, who knows, maybe she didn't, but that was the worst body language. I've ever seen. The entire nation has witnessed the shameless conduct of the Democrat Party.
They're willing to throw away every standard of decency, justice, fairness and due process to get their way. They don't care how they get it. You see it happening before your eyes. I think it's actually an incredible thing that's happening, and I just hope you don't sit home because bad things will happen if you sit home.
So now, the story will be, one wacko. The story will be tomorrow. A major protest greets Donald Trump in the great state of Westminster, one person. He or she I couldn't tell from the back. Let's say it was she, was very easy to get out, right. But this week, America also saw something else. On Thursday, the American people saw the brilliant and really incredible character, quality and courage of our nominee for the United States, Supreme Court Judge Brett Kavanaugh.
True. A vote to confirm Judge Kavanaugh's -- a vote to confirm one of the most accomplished legal minds of our time. A jurist with a sterling record of public service - you know, for ten years -- he's a young guy, but for ten years they've been talking about him longer than that. I didn't know him, but I've heard about him a lot because they were all saying he should be on the United States Supreme Court.
That's why I put him up, and -- and I will tell you, I will tell you, I will tell you he has suffered the meanness, the anger. Now, West Virginia, they did a poll, just came out, overall total support for Judge Kavanaugh 58%, total opposed 28%. So it's 58%, 28% oppose, that's pretty good, right? I think that's good.
That's West Virginia. Republican, 81% versus 8%, that we expect. Wow. Women, 52% to 35%. West Virginia, 65% to 21%. That's good, right? It's a poll, but we love those polls. I love polls, only when they're good. When they're not good I don't talk about it. But they do a lot of -- see this, there's the fake news media, they do a lot of -- They do a lot of -- they do a lot phony polls.
They do a lot of phony polls, they do a lot of polls, they call them suppression polls, they make a bad -- Although our polls now are good, they're good because we're doing a lot of good work, but they make them bad, so you go to a movie instead of voting, you say: "Well, you know, Alice, let's go to a movie, then we'll come home and watch the returns." Well, I'll tell you what, in 2016 nobody went to a movie.
Nobody. I think the movie theaters were very empty that night. Don't you think? So, so great things are happening, but a vote for Judge Kavanaugh is also a vote to reject the ruthless and outrageous tactics of the Democrat Party. Mean obstructionists, mean resistors, for the last 18 months. Democrats have spent every minute trying to overturn the results of the last election.
We had one of the great -- we had one of the great -- every day it's like a job. It's like part of your job description, get up and fight them, get up and fight them. They try and shut down our government. They're holding up 360 men and women who want to work for the government, they're not approving them, and they are highly qualified, and they're not even called nominees, they're not even controversial.
These are people -- it is, you know the word slow walking? They're slow walking. So you have people trying to get in. They've left their jobs and Schumer, and all of the groups that you read about are not allowing these people to come into government, and I'm not even talking about people with a certain view, I'm talking about people that are noncontroversial, including judges, they just go maximum 30 days, 30 days.
If somebody is going to be approved, it has to be approved, they take a -- we're up to 360 people, and it's been that way. The longest in the history of our country, think of it, by far, and the most people in this -- you have the longest and the most people. Honestly, the Democrats are a disgrace, they are, they are a disgrace.
And the number one enabler of the Democrats is the fake news media right back there. And they really do, they stoke the fires of resentment and chaos. They report incorrect news. They report phony news, and you know, when I say -- when I say and come out with very, very strong statements about media, I'm talking about the fake news media.
They are truly an enemy of the people, the fake news, enemy of the people. They really are. They are so bad. You don't even get it. You think like low taxes, you'd think that, like a strong military, no crime, strong borders, they don't, they don't. This November 6, you have a chance to reject these disgraceful political hacks, but you can only do it, you got to vote Republican, I mean, we have good people.
I want to get along with them, but it's impossible in many ways. It's just really tough because they are so far left. They have been taken so far left, where Pocahontas is now considered a conservative in the Democrat Party. She's like a conservative person, Pocahontas Elizabeth Warren, she's considered like a conservative person.
These people are -- they've gone crazy, they've gone loco. We're joined today by many terrific Republican leaders, including a friend of mine, and I have to tell you, Big Jim, he's, the biggest human being, I think, I've ever seen. Big Jim Justice, do we like him? He's our great Governor. Highest -- listen, this is West Virginia, highest ever -- first quarter surplus history of West -- 125 billion above estimate.
Revenue growth by month July up 24.1%, 14.9%, 16.5%, total revenue growth for West Virginia up 18%. Thank you, President Trump, thank you.
Big Jim. That's a big man, and he's doing a great job. He really is. He's doing a great job. But look at these numbers. Hey, Jim, for July up 24.1% revenue growth. Think of that. I'd tell you, look, you people, you know, you are great to me. We won the state by 42 points. You know what 42 points is? And that's -- in all fairness it's not like an independent -- that's against a Democrat.
We won by 42 points. You took me in, you took me in, but I produce, I produce. I produce. These are great people and they love not only the beautiful clean coal. They love lots of other things that we're doing well. West Virginia is back a lot faster than even I thought it could happen. You know it. I get a hug backstage by miners.
These guys are massive guys, they grab me. I say, "How would you like to make computer widgets? "Nope, we want to dig coal." Right. They have no interest in little delicate computer parts. So we also have with us the Secretary of State Mac Warner. Thanks, Mac. Great job. A man who, I hope you can support, because he's been terrific, really did a great job as a congressman, and he's going to the Supreme Court.
He's going to be a justice. Evan Jenkins. Thank you, Evans, got to go and vote for him. A woman that everybody respects, she is running against a total wacko. Now I've seen this person, you can't have that person in Congress. That person is stone-cold crazy. A person that you know very well, and everybody in West Virginia loves Carol Miller.
Carol? Pennsylvania, thanks, guys. Good luck, Carol. I think you're in great shape from what I hear, I hope so. Pennsylvania State Senator Guy Reschenthaler. Guy. Thank you. Thanks, Guy. We're also thrilled to be joined by Ohio Congressman, a friend of mine from day one, he supported Trump when it wasn't his fashionable, right at the beginning.
He didn't go through nine candidates and then say: "Oh, man, finally I'm going to support this guy." We had a couple of them; they never tell me that now. They said: "I supported you from the beginning." This guy really did. Bill Johnson. Right across the water. And Congressman David McKinley. Great job, David.
We like David, right? I like David. Thank you. Thank you, fellas. Also joining us is Brooke County, West Virginia native, a good friend of mine and somebody who truly knows about winning. This guy's a real winner. Coach Lou Holtz. Folks, great guy, he's a great coach, but he's a great guy too. Finally, I'm honored to introduce the person.
We are all here to support the next senator from the great State of West Virginia. Somebody who's going to give us a vote for what we want every single time. There won't be any question about it, Patrick Morrisey. Patrick, please come up, Patrick.
Thank you, wow. Good job, Patrick. Thank you Patrick. Remember this, a vote for Patrick Morrissey is a vote to stand up for West Virginia values, right. A vote for Morrisey is a vote for me and for our agenda to make America great again or, as we will soon start saying, keep America great, right?
Keep America. Keep America great. That will be our new theme very soon. I don't -- I don't want to switch yet, we're not even into two years, right? Make America Great Again. I can't use it in 2020. We can't because, by that time, if we go even like half of what we've done so we're going to have the new and Keep America Great it's a very important election.
It will decide which party controls the United States Senate. A Democrat, controlled Senate will try to take away your Second Amendment, they're, going to take it away. They want to takeover American healthcare and destroy it. They want to make us Venezuela, that's what they want to do. You'll have Venezuela, a big version, erase America's borders.
You know we fight for borders, but we -- hey, by the way, see the signs? "Finish the wall." That's a good -- Finish the wall. We are in the process. It's got another billion six, I want to get more, but it's coming. It's coming. We've built a lot of wall already and fixed a lot of wall, but we get that. It's not the easiest thing, because the Democrats know it's a thing we really want.
It's very much of a signature, it's very big part of what we talked about. They get in the way. I know it for a fact. They said, we can't. We'll get things that are actually military, 700 billion and 716 billion, we get that. A wall is a tiny thing by comparison, but they want to fight that wall for political purposes, but we're building it. And I love the signs "Finish it.", we'll get it finished.
They want to kill and this will happen, as sure as you're standing or sitting, I don't know who has a better seat. you are you? I mean, this is a guarantee. Your coal mines and your miners are working. They will kill West Virginia coal, that's a guarantee. And they want to turn our federal courts into the political arm of the Democrat resistance.
You see it, you see it. Now, Joe Manchin voted, no on tax cuts for American families. He just voted no. What are you going to say? He voted no on removing Obama's job killing regulations. By the way, we've got more regulation, that's why you have all these jobs, record-setting jobs, more regulations than any President ever in the history of our country.
That's pretty good. That's pretty good. And we haven't been there for two years, but time is flying, isn't it? Time is flying, but we've cut more than any administration whether it was four years, eight years, or in one case much more than that. We've cut more Joe, also voted. No on repealing and replacing Obamacare, which we almost had done but I'll be nice now, we couldn't get a single Democrat vote.
If we did, we would have killed it. We would have had great healthcare, but we're giving you a lot of great healthcare anyway. If you look at the plans, we're coming out with a great -- and we got rid of the individual mandate, the worst part of Obamacare. And Joe voted yes on something that not too many people in this room like, mass amnesty, mass amnesty.
Joe refuse to stand up to the Democrat resistance, the radical open border dams. Pelosi and their new de facto leader, the legendary Maxine Waters. The Democrat Party will stop at nothing to run your lives, run down your values and ransack our nation's wealth. We've never done like this. They will turn it around, make it bad so fast getting money for the military was so tough, and to do that, we had to give them money for things that we don't want.
We would never want, but now we have our military rebuilding, we've taken care of our military. We've got a massive number of fighter jets and rockets and missiles; we make the greatest military equipment in the world. We have ordered so much that other countries look at us and they say: "Ahh, let's forget about them." That's what we want.
We don't want wars. But the only way you don't have wars. If you have a military, that's what we're doing we're in the process of building the strongest military we've ever had by far. The new platform of the Democrat Party. You notice I say Democrat Party? I hate the way it sounds that's why I say it because it's really their name, you know.
It's not the Democratic Party that doesn't sound it flows nicer. The Democratic Party, but you know, the real name is the Democrat Party. I hate the way it sounds and that's why I use it, but it's still a real name. The Democrat Party -- so when you see Democratic Party, it's wrong. There's no name Democratic Party, that's a great name.
They should probably change the name, if you think about it. Then I'd call them The Democratic Party. The Democrat Party is radical socialism, Venezuela, and open borders. It's now called, to me -- you've never heard this before, The Party of Crime. It's a Party of Crime, it's what it is. And to pay for their socialism, which is going to destroy our country.
Democrats want to raid Medicare and destroy Social Security. So, what's going to happen? Democrats want to completely destroy Medicare with so-called Medicare for all. Yeah, for about two months before the country goes out of business. Robbing our seniors of the benefits they paid into for their entire lives, giving it to people that don't deserve it. Giving it, by the way, to illegal aliens who come into our country.
Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors, who have earned it and paid for it, and I will always fight for, and always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. You have to do it. You have to do it. some people think that's not a Republican thing to do. I don't care. And I'll tell you what, all of the Republicans are coming into that position now, all of them, and we'll do it the right way.
Pre-existing conditions are safe. OK, just remember that. Pre-existing -- tell that to the fake news media when they write. Fakers. The Fakers. But we all have a good time. You know they can all endorsed me for the next election, have you heard? Because if they don't and if for some reason I didn't win, every single media outlet goes bankrupt.
Can you imagine? Can you imagine if they had to cover Crazy Bernie, who the hell is going to watch? Or any of them? How about Cory Booker did you watch the performance? He ran in Newark New Jersey into the ground and now he wants to be president, right? What was the moment he said he had? I don't think so. I think we take Kirk Douglas in his prime.
Do we agree? I think we did. No, he ran Newark into the ground, now he's out there acting, "Oh, it's so wonderful, great. Oh, I dream of these people every night. The only thing I worry about is that some total unknown that nobody ever heard of comes along, but you know what, honestly, with what we've done on jobs on our country and our military, we're going to talk about our veterans what we've done.
Look, in your case, energy, energy, look what we've done in energy with every -- Who the hell can beat us? I mean, who can beat us? Who can beat us? One of these people said recently, and they hated to say it, but the Trump has actually fulfilled more promises than he promised. It's true. Look what we're doing.
4.2% GDP, every point is $3.5 trillion dollars and 10 million jobs. And when I took it over, our country was headed south we were going down, we were going down, you'd be, instead of 4.2%, you'd be at 4.2% negative, negative 4.2% That's the way we were headed. Perhaps nothing is more dangerous than the Democrats push to abolish, very brave people that work for us, and they love us and take care of us called ICE.
They want to abolish immigration enforcement entirely and they want no borders, they want no borders, let everybody just flow into our country. And he got some bad dudes coming in, but they're not coming in with us. We have set records on arrests at the borders. Nobody even close, and that's without the wall in those sections where we haven't been able to get the money because the Democrats won't approve.
You have to understand, we have very small margins. You know they say we're the majority. The majority by what? If somebody has a cold, we can't take a vote. If you have a cold, if somebody is not feeling well, we say: "Let's delay the vote for three days." We don't have a major -- it's so close. It's so close.
That's why we have to get more Republicans in. We will do something that nobody has ever seen before. The Democrat Party supports, totally, they love them sanctuary cities where crime pours in and they protect her. That unleash violent predators like MS-13 into American communities, leaving innocent Americans at the mercy of really, by the way, really ruthless animals, really ruthless animals Nancy Pelosi said, "How dare he call a human being an animal?" I'm sorry Nancy.
These are the words, they're don't like guns, they like to use knives because it's more painful and it takes a long time. These are real bad people and we're bringing them out so fast. And you know who's doing it? Who's leading the charge, who loves doing it? ICE. Who the hell wants that job? ICE. ICE is doing the job, right?
Right. ICE is doing that job. These are brave people. They go into towns in Long Island, where I grew up, right next to these places, I know them all. They used to be, you'd leave your door open, you'd, leave your window open. You go to sleep, nobody thinks. Now you -- it's like a fort, but not anymore.
What's happened, is they go in like they're, liberating a country. It's like this is the United States, and ICE goes in and MS-13 they're afraid of ICE. You know why, because ICE is much tougher than they are, that's all they fear. And they go in and they grab them by the necks and they throw them the hell into a paddy wagon and they take them either to jail, and throw them the hell out of the country, it's very simple.
It's very simple. And they cleaned out towns, they cleaned out towns of truly bad people, dangerous people. You saw what happened, I got to know mothers that have daughters, fathers that have daughters. In many cases, daughters, and in many cases, sons, but what they do to these incredible kids, walking home from school, going home with books to study and do homework and they intercept them and they're -- they're horrible, it's horrible and we're getting them out.
But we have to re -- the Democrats. It's like, it's like, they don't even understand that there's a problem, it's incredible. Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. So Republicans, not Democrats, they want to end ICE, they want to end a lot of things.
Open borders. Can you believe it? How would you like this platform? We want open borders. We want high taxes, we want crime because basically, they're saying crime, so to have crime, they have high taxes, they have open borders. Oh, and by the way - and we don't want to fund the military. You have no idea how hard it is to get money from for the military, it's almost impossible.
That was like a full- time job, but we got that money. We got a lot of buyers. In the Democrats, got 51 votes in the Senate. They would open our nation's borders. They would starve our law enforcement, they would starve our great law -- Do we love our law enforcement? Seriously. I've got a tremendous percentage of law enforcement vote, but you know, I think, I might have -- Do I get 100%. Let's say I didn't. Who the hell wouldn't vote for me from law enforcement?
OK, we've done a lot. We've gotten a lot of surplus material from the military. You know, we had all this -- We had hundreds of millions of dollars of surplus material, and our previous administration, under no circumstances did they want to give this to law enforcement, because you know it's great equipment.
It keeps the law enforcement safe, like trucks that are armored and things like that, so they didn't want to give it because they thought it presented a wrong image. I gave it, it's all out, they're all happy. We had a military, we had a sitting in storage rooms all over the country, getting old and probably costing us a lot of money.
We gave it out to law enforcement and law enforcement does like us. If you want to secure our border. If you want to stop sanctuary cities, which even in California now. They don't want to be sanctuary cities anymore, they want out. You see it. They're rebelling in California, of all places, they're rebelling.
If you want to protect American communities from really bad bad crime, then you need to vote Republican, Patrick Larson. Gotta vote Republican. This election is about security, and it's about prosperity. Here are just some of our extraordinary achievements. We've done things that nobody can believe. If I would have used these numbers during the campaign, the fake news would've said: "Oh, it's so ridiculous, it's so ridiculous." "How can he say that." I used much lower numbers than they said that.
Economic growth last quarter was 4.1%, and it was just adjusted upward 4.2%, and it's going much -- it's going higher, folks. It's going a lot higher. Jobless claims. That's a beauty. Jobless. Think of that. Jobless claims just fell to a nearly 50-year low. Is that good? That's good, right? We've created over 4 million new jobs since the election, four million.
Nobody would have said. If I would have said, "Hey, we're going to create in less than two years, they would have said, "You've got to be kidding." We've list -- Look at this. We've lifted almost 4 million Americans off of food stamps. Wow. Pretty bad, huh. Now, No.1, we're taking care of people. No. 2, it doesn't cost us anything.
I mean, that four million people that's a lot of money at cause. We've added, nearly, it will soon be 600,000 new manufacturing jobs. We weren't supposed to be adding jobs. We weren't supposed to be adding manufacturing jobs. And I'll tell you what. The most incredible of everything is, we are doing things with manufacturing.
Companies are pouring back into our country and they're coming back into your state. They're, going to Michigan, they're going to Ohio, right here, they're going to Pennsylvania and North Carolina, and South Carolina. I was with the Prime Minister Abe of Japan. He's got many companies moving in, I said: "Look, we have a big deficit with you, we take care of your military and we have a deficit." What's going on? He said, "We are moving many companies into the United States.
And he is. And he's been. And many cou -- If you look, just take a look. Many countries are doing that because I don't like having deficits with every country. And China, we're taking them on very strongly. First time ever. Very Strongly. And they either open it up to make it fair and don't charge us what they're doing, because that's no good, or we just don't do business with them, it's a very simple thing.
And in four months they've gone way down and I don't want them to go way down. I have great respect for President Xi and I have great respect for China, but they have not treated as well. We lost over the years $500 billion, we'd go $250 billion, $300 billion, $400 billion, $500 billion, $525 billion. We rebuild China.
How stupid are we? No, h0w stupid are we. We build a car and we send it to China and they charge a tariff for a tax of 25%. They build a car and they send it to the U.S and it's two and a half percent, but we don't charge them. They don't have to pay, and I said, "Why don't they have to pay at least a two and a half?" Nobody could tell me why.
Nobody so think of it. They charge us 25%, right? We charge them nothing. Other than that, it's a very fair deal. Now, how stupid is -- how stupid is it? So the stupid days are over, folks, I'm sorry. I mean, I love Saudi Arabia. They're great. King Salman, I talked to him this morning, a long talk. And I said to him, "King, you've got trillions of dollars, without us Who knows what going to happen?
Maybe you're not going to be able to keep those airplanes, because you know what? They'd be attacked. With us, they are like, you know, safe, totally safe. But we don't get what we should be getting we're subsidizing their military. So let me ask you a question: "Why are we subsidizing the military of these really wealthy--" You know, one thing where countries are in deep trouble and danger, and it's a horrible thing going on, and it could be something really ugly and you know hundreds of thousands, millions of people could be killed, that's one thing.
But when you have wealthy countries like Saudi Arabia like Japan, like South Korea, why are we subsidizing that military? They'll pay us. The problem is nobody ever asked. Nobody ever asked. They don't ask. I mean, with South Korea we're paying about 60% of their military costs. They'd buy a missile system -- Oh, by the way, we're doing great with North Korea.
I have just told you. We're doing -- You know these dishonest people back there. So I left. What did I do? Was there like, three months ago. So for 80 years, they've been working on this stuff, and for twenty five years they've been working on missiles and nuclear. They got nowhere. They wouldn't even answer our President's phone calls when they called they told them, "Don't call us." And yes, I agree.
The rhetoric was unbelievably harsh at the beginning, but we have a very good relationship. We were going to war with North Korea. That was what was going to happen. Millions of people would have been killed. President Obama told me when I sat just before taking office. He said the single biggest problem this country has is North Korea.
And he said he was, you know, very close to going to war, but fortunately his time was up. That his time is up. He would have been in a war. Millions of people would have been killed. I mean, you have sold 30 million people right off the border 30 miles away. Millions of people would have been -- and yes, I came in and took a very hard position, very hard position.
And you know what now we have this great relationship and let's see what happens, let's see what happens let's see what happens, but if you think, so the fakers are saying like, they don't know what to do? I got the hostages back for nothing. Obama paid $1.8 billion. You know I got it back for nothing, right?
We got the remains of our great heroes back for many, many years. You don't have any more nuclear testing, in fact, they're closing up a lot of the sites. You don't have rockets going up, you don't have missiles going up and you have people -- I like him. He likes me. I guess that's OK, am I allowed to say that?
Am I allowed to say? We've come a long way since you know the term, right? We've come a long way, but we could have been in something. Now I'm not saying, what's going to happen? Who knows. Are we going to have another meeting? Chairman Kim would like to have another meeting. We have a meeting. You know they did?
The other day on a good network or head -- ne of the anchors say: "Why has President Trump given up so much?" I didn't give up anything. Really. I didn't give up anything. What did I give up? I gave up nothing. Why have I give it up -- The only thing that I gave up was I agreed to meet. Boy why we lost a lot, right?
In the other words I agreed to meet. I gave up nothing they are just faker's. They don't know what to do. It's driving them crazy, they're, loco, it's driving them crazy. We gave up so much. Now Obama, with the Iran deal, gave them $150 billion dollars and gave $1.8 billion in cash, in cash, in cash. You know how much money that is? And nobody said he gave up too much, except me. That's why I ended the deal.
OK. I ended it. I gave it to him in cash. You see like with a promotion we have a hundred dollar bills. You have a million dollars. It's like twice the size of this thing. That's for a million bucks in a hundred dollar bills, right. It's twice the size of the podium, like exactly twice the size. Can you imagine $1.8 billion.
Where the hell do you get $1.8 billion in cash? And don't let anyone tell you it wasn't for the hostages unless he had something or maybe he did have something else in mind. So we are doing great. That was a big, big problem. And you know the interesting? When I did it and I was really being tough, and so was he. I would go back and forth and then we fell in love.
OK, no really. He wrote me beautiful letters and had great letters. We fell in love, but you know what now they'll make us sick. "Donald Trump said, they fell in love, how horrible? How horrible is that?" So unpresidential. and I always tell you it's so easy to be Presidential, but instead of having 10,000 people outside trying to get into this packed arena, we'd have about 200 people standing right there.
OK, it's so easy to be Presidential. All I have to do is thank you very much for being here, ladies and gentlemen. It's great to see you. You're great Americans. Thousand points of light, which nobody has really figured out, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen, hasn't that been exciting? How is West Virginia?
And in the meantime, everything seems to be dying. You're cold and everything else. No, no we've got to keep it going the way it's going. Do we agree? Do we agree? Get Patrick in there. We got to keep it going because we have something going that nobody's ever seen before. You know every foreign leader that comes to see me in the White House, which I see a lot but every foreign lead -- and I see a lot because usually they're treating us unfairly with military, meaning, we're paying for their military and I'm saying.
Why? Because we're we doing all of that. We're not going to do it. I said: "Saudi Arabia, you're rich you've got to pay for your military." We'll take care of -- We'll be good. You've got to pay for your military. Sorry, nobody ever asked the question. And I have generals, you know it's called the military industrial complex.
They're great people, they're warriors but they're not into the world of finance, so I say, General, how much are they paying for this? He say, "Sir, we are paying for it." "Why?" "Sir, we're paying, because they are our allies?" I said, "Yeah, but why else?" "Sir, trade." I said, "Yeah, we lost $100 billion last year on trade with this.
Why are we doing this?" And people slowly but surely, I'm telling you, big difference. And you see GDP number's now at 4.2%. When we straighten out these horrible trade deals -- these horrible military deals that we have, forget it. Off the charts. Household income, among Hispanic-Americans, has just set a new record-high, think of that.
Income. Since my election, and you've heard this many times, I'm very proud of it, because I used to go around saying what you have to lose vote for me instead of a Democrat, right? Vote for me, African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-America unemployment have all reached the lowest levels ever recorded in our history, right?
The poverty rates for African-Americans and Hispanic-Americans. It's been incredible. They've all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country. Think of it. Now who the hell is going to beat me? I mean, I'm saying African-Americans have the lowest unemployment rate in history. Why would somebody do well?
I think, and we have Kanye West. We have a lot of support. Big Jim Brown, How about Big Jim Brown? How good was he? If he was playing today, he'd make a trillion dollars and he'd stand for the flag too, I'd tell you. I know him. Great. Unemployment for Americans without high-school diplomas. That's a big thing.
Recently reached the lowest rate ever recorded. The women's unemployment rate in the United States recently reached its lowest rate in over 65 years. This is something that is personal to you and some other states. We repeal President Obama's federal coal moratorium. We ended the cold, crushing stream protection rule which was killing you, it sounded so beautiful.
The EPA, so-called a killer. Clean power plan, it was a killer. It was costing this country a fortune. It was a total killer. Has such nice names such a nice title? It put everybody out of business and it took away our strength, it took away our wealth and I withdrew the United States from the job killing, very unfair and very, very expensive Paris climate accord, another one that -- A killer.
These are killers. They were putting our country out of business. We've ended the war on beautiful, clean coal and in just the last year, our coal exports have skyrocketed. This is exports to other countries by 66%. You believe that? The United States is now the No. 1 energy producer in the world. That happened just recently.
A lot of money in that. We're fixing the one sided trade deals that have stolen American jobs, drained American wealth. It's been a massive transfer of wealth, out of our country, we're bringing it all back. They're all coming back. We've reached the deal to replace the horrible NAFTA. One of the worst trade deals ever.
With a brand new U.S-Mexico trade deal, and we'll see what happens with Canada, if they come along, good. They have to --they have to be fair. They have -- right now, they have tariffs over 300% on dairy products. That's like a barrier. They have to be fair, but we've made the deal with Mexico and it's a great deal for both countries.
NAFTA was the worst deal. Just this week, I signed a groundbreaking new trade deal with South Korea that will dramatically increase exports of American made goods. I said, "You got to open up your country. Now the Democrats will look at any of these deals." They won't read them, they won't know anything about them.
They'll just say, "I guess I'd do it. If I was tempt to." They'll say, What do you think of that? "It's no good, it's terrible." "Oh, have you read it?" "Don't ask me that question" These deals are unbelievable. These deals are so good for us. You're not going to have companies leaving our country, firing everybody and then selling their product back into the United States with no taxes.
Not going to happen anymore. And thanks to our very strong position on tariffs, because I want them to negotiate with us. We've saved American aluminum and American steel companies they are thriving. American steel is building plants all over the country, steel workers are back and the miners are supplying the metallurgic coal.
We don't need foreign steel, what happens if we're in a conflict? What are we going to do? Get our steel from some foreign country? Oh, by the way we have -- we need steel, we need aluminum. There are certain things you need and we're hiring a lot of people, and you know what? Our treasury is getting loaded up with money, because billions of dollars will be flowing in because we charge 25% when they dump.
You know, when they dump steel? What they want to do is put our steel companies out of business, then they sell us steel at prices that are so high, nobody wants to talk about that. Nobody wants to talk about the jobs created, and nobody wants to talk about all the money that's flowing in to the coffers of the United States of America.
They don't like to talk about it. And the people that are against it are usually having con -- you know, you go to these other countries, they have companies there too, and many of these people, "Well, we like free trade." So I'll say even to congressmen and senators, "Let me ask you a question." So we have a country take India, good relationship.
They want to make a deal now because they don't want me to do what I'm going if I have to. So they call us they didn't want to make a deal with anybody else. So take India, so you're talking about free trade. So let's say they charge us 60% tariff on a product and for the same products when they send it in we charge them nothing.
So now I want to charge them 25%, or 20%, or 10% or something. What do you think? "That's not free trade. We don't like it." I said, "Where are these people coming from?" No, think of it. Where are they coming from, and you have no idea how difficult it is? Where are they coming -- so India just uses as an example, I could give you others that are brutal.
Just brutal what they do to us, how they take advantage of the stupidity. We never even had people negotiating, they just do whatever they want, but take India. So they charge you 60%, right, 60%. We charge them nothing, and when I say I'm going to put a 25% tariff on just to make it a little bit fair. They say, "That's not free trade." I said, "What -- what do you -- where you come from?" Remember this, a lot of the people that are fighting me and what I'm doing have ownership of companies in these other countries.
Remember that, please. Remember that. Or they're represented by lobbies, so the steel people love me. The coal people love me. Many people love me. You know who loves me? Our country has never done better. That's who loves me. Crazy. So to give our workers and businesses, just on finishing up. A level playing field Republicans passed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history.
We pass something else that I love, right to try. You know the right to try is? That's where somebody is terminally ill. We have a pipeline of some of the greatest products and we couldn't get up, we couldn't use them. A person's going to die in four months, we couldn't use them. For 45 years, I've been trying to get this passed.
Not that easy, not that easy. I got to pass. Yeah, right to try. Somebody is terminally ill. They can take now -- they have to sign that clause in things and they -- Now, don't have to travel to parts of the world. We passed veterans choice, giving us Veterans Choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor if they're standing in line for four weeks, right.
They couldn't get it passed. This has been going on for 45 years. They couldn't get it passed. Veterans are greatest people. These are people -- Any veterans here? Veterans? It was very tough, 45years they couldn't, we got it passed. So now, instead of waiting on line for three weeks and dying, in many cases believe it or not, they start of they're, OK, they wait so long to see a doctor, they end up becoming terminal, they end up dying.
They now go out and see a doctor. We pay the bill, it's great. Passed. We passed. We also passed the landmark V.A. Accountability Act, so that all these bad players that were in the V.A we fire them so fast. When that bad, you didn't have the right to fire anybody, they could do anything. I just signed legislation to completely, completely rebuild all of our military.
And I told you about that, and you know what, it's so important to me, so important to me, so important. We have tanks, we have ships, we have everything, so important. And at my direction at the Pentagon is working right now, as we speak, to create a sixth branch of the United States, Armed Forces called the Space Force, right?
I went through the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran deal. and Iran is not the same country right now, folks. And they better not do nuclear, they better not. That same country, we've all recognized the true capital of Israel. Recently, when I opened the American embassy in Jerusalem, and I've just come from a tremendously successful trip, I've done a lot of trips from the United Nations to Saudi Arabia, to China, to UK, European Union all over the world, and every one of those means a lot of jobs that a lot of income coming into our country that nobody ever did before, nobody ever did it. I made clear that we will never sacrifice America's sovereignty to unelected, unaccountable foreign bureaucrats.
I'm not going to do it. We reject the ideology of globalism and we embrace that doctrine -- you know what I'm saying? The doctrine of -- Let's put it this way, we love our country, that's our doctrine. You can call it patriotism, but it's really the doctrine of we love our country. For years you watch as your leaders apologize for America.
Now you have a President who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for West Virginia. We are standing proudly for our national anthem to continue our momentum, to protect your family, and your borders, your constitution and your country. You need to get your friends, get your family, get your co-workers and get out and vote for Patrick Morrisey, get out and vote Republican.
And if you are registered, to register right now, you've got to register here, and the deadline to register is October 16. Hate to break this by saying that, but those are the facts. Register. October 16. Loyal citizens like you, helped build this country and together, and together we are taking back our country and returning power to where it belongs to the American people.
This great state was built by tough pioneer men and strong pioneer women. These brave West Virginia patriots ventured out into the wilderness and up into the mountains to build a beautiful home, a life and a dream. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury, but they all had one thing in common: They love their families, they love their country and they love their god.
True. True. We stand on the shoulders of these courageous Americans. Your ancestors did not pour out their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home, while others try to erase their legacy and destroy our proud American heritage. That's what the Democrats are trying to do with their crazy policies.
Just like the pioneers and patriots who came before us. We are going to work, we're going to fight and we're going to win for our families, for our flag, and for our freedom. The revolution that you began in 2016 and it was the revolution, and even these people will admit that that was a revolution like they've never seen before.
That was a revolution that was -- they came from the hills and they came from the valleys, they came from everywhere. And at the end of that evening, they said, "Hate to tell you this. A lot of bad things are happening tonight for the Democrats." That was one of the great evenings, not because of me, but because of you.
That was one of the great evenings in the history of our country. And it's far from over. It's only just beginning, we will not bend, we will not break, we will never give in. We will never give up, we will never back down, we will never surrender and we will always fight on to victory, victory, victory.
Because we are America, and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, West Virginia. Thank you.
If I had time, I would. I mean, to be honest with you, he has to straighten it out. He's got to be -- he's got to act a lot more humanely. The people are suffering tremendously in Venezuela. There's no reason for this. So I would certainly be open to it. I'm willing to meet with anybody. Anytime I can save lives and help people -- if it's one life, Im certainly willing to meet.
I just want to see Venezuela straightened out. I want the people to be safe. We're going to take care of Venezuela. Okay? We're going to take care of Venezuela. What's happening in Venezuela is a disgrace. If he's here, if he wants to meet -- I don't know. It was not on my mind. It is not on my plate. But if I can help people, that's what I'm here for.
Our allies are in no trouble. We're with our allies. Our allies -- we are with our allies 100 percent. They have no problem. We met yesterday with Colombia. We had a great meeting with Colombia. And we've met with numerous others of our allies and they are absolutely in no trouble.
I don't know. I look forward to meeting him again. But I -- we don't have anything set, but I look forward to meeting him again.
A lot of good things are happening.
We are denuclearizing North Korea. We have a wonderful relationship going between our country and them. We're being helped a lot by Japan, and very much by President Moon of South Korea. And North Korea -- its going along very well. We really have had a tremendous amount of progress since this time last year.
All options are on the table. Every one. Strong ones and the less-than-strong ones. Every option -- and you know what I mean by strong. Every option is on the table, with respect to Venezuela. We're going to take care of the people of Venezuela. We have many Venezuelans living in the United States. Many of them live in the Doral area of Miami. I've gotten to know them very well. These are great, great people. We're going to take care of those people. Okay?
Chairman Kim wants good things to happen for North Korea. And good things are happening with respect to North Korea. And it's going to be great for Chairman Kim and great for the people of North Korea. And that's what we're all about.
A very good relationship with -- as you know, with Prime Minister Abe. He was in my apartment just the other day in Trump Tower. We had a very long, couple-of-hour discussion. He loves his country. He had a tremendous victory in the election, as you know, which I was very happy about. I don't know if you're supposed to endorse somebody or not, but I endorsed him and I will endorse him again. He's a great gentleman and a great man, and a person who is a great leader for Japan. We have other things to discuss. I think more than anything else, we'll be discussing trade.
I'll be meeting with Chairman Kim in the very near future. It will be announced. We'll announce it. In fact, we're having a press conference today. We'll start talking about that. But we'll be announcing where and when in the very near future.
They're going to announce it in about an hour. You should be there. She's got a press conference in one hour. You should be there. They're announcing she's going to four countries in Africa.
They'll be announcing it in about an hour, exactly. She's going to be making the announcement, which is much more exciting when -- than when I make an announcement. So she'll be announcing she's making a big trip to Africa. We both love Africa. Africa is so beautiful. The most beautiful part of the world, in many ways.
Just let me -- let me just say that she's having a news conference in a very short period of time. She'll be announcing exactly where she's going, and I hope you're going to be there.
Well, I think the Senate -- the Republicans could not be nicer than the way they're handling this. They could have pushed it through two and a half weeks ago, and you wouldn't be talking about it right now -- which is, frankly, what I would have preferred. But they didn't do that. The Republicans could not be nicer, could not be more respectful to the process, certainly could not be more respectful to the woman, and I'm okay with that. I think I might have pushed it forward a lot faster. But I'll tell you what, I know -- I know this particular man -- Judge Kavanaugh. He's outstanding. You don't find people like this. He's outstanding. He's a gem. He's an absolute gem. And he's been treated very unfairly by the Democrats who are playing a con game. They know what they're doing. It's a con. They go into a backroom, and they talk with each other and they laugh at what they're getting away with. It's a con game, and that's what they play. And that's about the only thing they do well. Thank you very much.
Iran has acted very badly. We are doing many things right now, including sanctions at a very massive level. One of the highest levels we've ever done. Iran has to change its tune before I meet with them.
They want to meet. I'm not meeting with them until they change their tune. It will happen. I believe they have no choice. We look forward to having a great relationship with Iran. But it won't happen now.
We're in the process of setting up a meeting with North Korea, Chairman Kim has been dealing with us, and we have made tremendous progress -- far greater than the media would understand or know. It has been, really, a very good relationship.
As you know, there have been no tests, no nuclear tests, no rockets, no missile launches, and we got our hostages back. We're getting the remains of our great heroes back, and that's already started, that process and many more are coming in the very short future.
So we're doing very well with North Korea. Again, far greater than anybody would know. I have much personal correspondence with Chairman Kim, and we will, I think, we'll do something that's good for Chairman Kim, and good for North Korea, and also good for the rest of the world.
I'm meeting with Rod Rosenstein on Thursday. Today, I'm doing other things, as you probably agree.
Venezuela is a very sad case, and we want to see it fixed. What's happening there is a human tragedy, okay?
Our country is respected again, remember that. We're respected again. Hello, Missouri. I'm thrilled to be back in the American heartland. I love you people. With thousands of proud, hardworking patriots. This is an incredible time for our nation. We have the best economy in our history today; today.
In fact, the stock market -- which, to me, is jobs -- the stock market hit an all time high again. Think of it. And that would mean that 101 days we hit an all time high in the stock market; we. And I don't say me, I say we because it's about we; amazing people. We're bringing back our factories, reopening our mines.
You know those mines? They're reopening. They're reopening. We love our miners. We love workers. And we're restoring our industrial might like nobody can believe. Nobody believes what's happening. After years of rebuilding other nations -- we're getting a little tired of that, right? We are finally rebuilding our nation and we are doing it with American grit, and skill and pride.
Right? Our military -- do we love our military? Do we love our law enforcement? Do we love ICE? They're tough people. We need tough people to protect. They're dealing with tough people. That's the only thing that -- if you look at it, that's what they respect. They respect strength. They respect strength.
Our military will soon be more powerful than ever before. And just today, I signed a new bill fully funding Veterans Choice for our great veterans. America is winning again, winning like never before, and America is being respected again because we are finally putting America first. And it's all going to start with Josh Hawley.
We love Josh. We love Josh. He's a star. And he just said it -- I didn't say it -- he just said it. He said this place broke every record they've ever had -- look at this place. Now the fake news will never say that. They'll never report that.  They'll never report that. They will never report it. But that's OK, because we all know it. And by the way, obviously look at what happened in 2016. Obviously.
Remember all the phony polls, the states that we were supposed to lose? And then 8 o'clock, the state closes. Donald Trump has won the state of Texas. Donald Trump has won... Remember? Remember? Remember for months, Texas was too close to -- you know, to call, remember? By the way, I have to tell you, Missouri was never too close to call, so that's good.
That's good. But remember Georgia was too close to call. Remember Utah was too close to call. OK, so now it's 8 o'clock, they closed in Texas. The polls have just closed in Texas, Donald Trump has won the state of Texas. Donald Trump has won the state of Utah. Donald Trump has won the state of Georgia. I said, wait a minute, I thought it was so close?
It should go all night, no? We won, like, in two seconds.  You know why? Because they're phony polls. They have phony polls.  They're called suppression polls. What they do is, you know, you're with your wife and you say, "Alice, I love Trump, but he can't win because the polls have him -- he just can't win." Suppression. "So let's go to a movie and then sadly we'll go home and watch what turned out to be the most exciting night in the history of politics, right?" That was some night.
And all those guys, they may not like us, but you know what? About six months before the election, not this one coming up -- please go out and vote. Please go out. But in 2020, about six months before the election, every single one of those haters is going to endorse is because without us, they have nobody watching television.
They have nobody.  They have nobody reading their phony papers. Nobody. So they're going to -- we expect endorsements from everybody. We'll get the New York Times, we expect to get the Washington Post, we'll get ABC, CBS, we'll get NBC -- that's a hard one to get.  You're right -- you're right.
Tonight we're proudly joined by terrific Republican leaders from the great state of Missouri, including Lieutenant Governor Mike Kehoe. Mike, thank you very much wherever you are. A real friend of mine, and a great friend of my wife, Mr. and Mrs. -- a great friend of Melania, whose sends her regards by the way.
She's home now. She said I like those people -- I like those people too, but he really is -- he's a great man, he's a great senator, he's respected by everybody -- everybody, Senator Roy Blunt. Thank you. Great guy. And another great guy -- he's big, he's strong, you heard him the other night when he did that whole deal going, and I said, What was that all about?
Billy Long, what was that all about? He is, he's a great guy. And another great guy that has helped us right from the beginning, Congressman Jason Smith. Thank you, Jason. Terrific people. Finally, please welcome -- they said he's only going to be a minute -- we're going to have such fun.
He's going to give us a lot of fun also -- please welcome the person we are all here tonight to support, a special man, a special talent, a man who loves this state, and he loves this country -- the next United States Senator from Missouri, Josh Hawley. Come on, Josh.
We need Josh in the Senate to fight for Missouri and really to fight for our whole country. We love our country. And we'll never ever get a vote from Claire McCaskill, and she's been saying very nice things.
She's been saying very nice things. But you know what? She'll never ever vote for us. She just, as an example, Brett Kavanaugh -- a fantastic man, fantastic -- she just announced she won't vote for him. Can you believe it? And he was born -- you talk about central casting -- he was born -- they were saying it 10 years ago about him -- he was born for the U.S. Supreme Court.
He was born for it. And it's going to happen. But she just announced she's not voting -- and, she'll vote against everything we want to do, including tax cuts. Figure that one out. So Claire McCaskill will never ever vote our way because she loves the swamp. She's part of the swamp and we have a true swamp in Washington.
Just look at what is now being exposed in our Department of Justice and the FBI. Look at what's going on. Look at what's going on. And I want to tell you, we have great people in the Department of Justice. We have great people. These are people, I really believe -- you take a poll, I've got to be at 95 percent -- but you've had some real bad ones.
You've seen what's happened at the FBI. They're all gone. They're all gone. They're all gone. But there's a lingering stench and we're going to get rid of that too. Claire McCaskill -- when I read about this sitting a beautiful, beautiful house called the White House. Did anybody ever hear of the White House?
She revealed her true colors when she pretended to tour the state in an R.V., while she was actually flying around the state in her luxurious private airplane. And honestly, this is before I ever thought about running -- by the way, we decided to run, how did we do? How did we do? A senator, a good guy, said to me the other day -- it was very interesting because we were talking about, frankly, Judge Kavanaugh -- and I said we have to fight for him, not worry about the other side.
And by the way, women are for that more than anybody would understand. And a really good guy, I mean, we usually agree. He said, sir, I've been in politics for 25 years. I've been a senator for many years. I really know what I'm doing. I said, sir, I've been in politics for two and a half years and I'm the President of the United States, so. True.
True. And he's still my friend; it's fine. McCaskill doesn't represent the people of Missouri; that I can tell you. She represents the radical Democrats in Washington that are trying to take over. And what they're going to do with you, you know, if you look from the day of election, I just see the announcement today.
Stock market's up 55 percent. Your 401(k)s -- your 401(k)s are up 50, 60, 70 percent in some cases. They get in and that wealth is going to disappear very quickly. It'll evaporate. It will. Claire McCaskill voted no on tax cuts, and that's tax cuts for the middle-class families. And she voted for the disaster that we're holding together, we had it defeated.
Unfortunately, we lost a certain vote. But we lost all of the Democrat votes, when you think. We lost every Democrat. We would have saved a trillion dollars and we would have given you great health care, but we still will. We need some more Republicans. We need Josh, but we need more Republicans. McCaskill voted no on Kate's Law. How about Kate's Law? You see what's coming in? She voted no on Kate's Law. How do you vote no on Kate's Law? You know why she voted no? Because Schumer and Pelosi told her to vote no. And she voted no on enhanced vetting for refugees.
A refugee comes in you don't know where they're coming from. I want to do -- we call it, a term I came up with, I'm very -- enhanced vetting. She voted no. But we're coming out with things over the next four weeks; you'll like it better than enhanced vetting. She wants to let everybody pour into our country.
She wants to then give them health care. Next will be, let's also give them free education. Let's also -- let's also hurt the State of Missouri and every other state. You see what's going on in California. He wants to have open borders and everybody worldwide can pour into California, just pour in. And he's going to give you health care and education.
You know what? That will be -- I think California will end up being larger than the United States. The whole world is going to come. It's really bad stuff. And they're going to kill your Medicare. And they're going to kill you Medicaid. They're going to kill everything that you cherish and that you want. McCaskill voted no on our new Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, how good is he? And as Josh said, she's not going back on a no vote on somebody who's truly spectacular, Brett.
Yet, McCaskill voted for the liberal Obama judges who want to destroy your Second Amendment. They want to destroy your health care. They want to destroy your wealth. That's what they're going to do. They want to take it away. They want to take it away. You can work hard, won't mean anything. And you know what they want to do? They all as a group, they want to raise the hell out of your taxes; figure that one.
Another thing, military, they don't want to take care of the military. We're always -- I can only tell you, I have to fight so hard to take care of our military $700 billion and we had to give up things that I hated to give up. But we had to build our military because it was depleted. It was in trouble. They fought so hard, not to take care of our vets and not to take care of our military.
It's no good, doesn't work that way. Doesn't work that way. A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Nancy Pelosi...  Chuck Schumer, and your new de facto leader of the Democrat Party, the legendary Maxine Waters.  The new platform of the Democrat Party is radical socialism and open boarders.
A vote for any Democrat this November -- you've got to get out and vote, I know you're complacent. We had this great victory. I know that the odds are sort of against it, but I don't know why. We have the greatest economy in history. We have the greatest -- and so -- but they say -- hey, out of 100 years, like three times, whoever's in the White House loses the midterm.
You lose the midterm, we're going to go through nothing but fights, we're going to be fighting to keep what you have, they're going to want to take it away. You've got to get out. Can't be complacent. It's fragile. You've got to get out. You know, a poll came out, they said everybody's going out in 2020, because they want to vote for you, they want to vote for the president.
But they're not maybe coming out in 2018. Get out in 2018, because you're voting for me in 2018. You're voting for me. You're voting for me. A vote for any Democrat this November is a vote for massive regulation, massive taxes, and I hate to say it, massive crime, because crime comes with it.  The Democrat Party is held hostage by far-left activists, by angry mobs, Antifa, by deep state radicals...  ...and their establishment cronies.
You ever see what happens when they take the masks of Antifa? You have guys -- you have guys that look like they live with mom and dad in the basement. They live in the basement of mom and dad's home. You know what that is? That's the size of their biceps, but they wear -- they wear the tough black outfits.
No, I would never suggest this, but I will tell you, I -- they're so lucky that we're peaceful. Law enforcement, military, construction workers, Bikers for Trump -- how about Bikers for Trump? They travel all over the country. They got Trump all over the place, and they're great. They've been great. But these are tough people.
These are great people. But they're peaceful people, and Antifa and all -- they'd better hope they stay that way. I hope they stay that way. I hope that stay that way. And they will, the Democrats, say and do anything to try and undermine the result of the greatest election in our country's history. That's what it is. They want to try and reclaim their corrupt power.
Remember, remember, they were expected to win. And there was no way that Donald Trump can get to 270. You know, the Electoral College was set up so we can't win, except we had one problem: we won a lot of states that haven't been won for many years by Republicans. A lot of states. A lot of states. I remember watching the fake news, and one man -- I like him, not as a person, but I like watching him, especially when he's upset.
And he said, you know, I think -- I think Trump is going to win Wisconsin -- that hasn't been won in many -- I think Trump is going to win Michigan! Oh no, no, no, no, no. Remember with the hand, that it starts to shake. He's very confident at the beginning, Senator, OK, this could be a quick game day. And then they say wait a minute, wait a minute, oh my god, woah, woah.
Trump just won the state of Florida. Woah, woah, woah. No. No. What happened? They don't say she spent about five times more money. You know, in the old days, if you spent less money and win, that's a good thing. Nobody ever says that. Do they ever say I spent like 25 percent of the money that she spent? So here's the thing -- then they said, wait a minute.
Oh no. Remember the firewall? The firewall, the guarantee, she spent a fortune, was going to be the great state of North Carolina, and we love them and they're going through a lot tonight. We love them. We say prayers for them. And South Carolina. North Carolina, South Carolina. South Carolina's going to be hit really hard tomorrow at about 3 o'clock.
That water is pouring down, it's on its way, it's going to be horrible, but they're -- they're ready. I was just there. So while we talk about them, I have to say God is with you, we are with you. And -- and we have the best first responders, military, law enforcement, and FEMA, the best in the world, and they're ready.
They're all equipped, so we'll be there. We're all ready. They'll be -- they'll be OK. But you remember all of that. So then we won the firewall, North Carolina. We won South Carolina easily, but that was expected. But then we won the firewall. Donald Trump has won the state of North Carolina. Now the hand is quivering as it goes to -- you know the board?
And that board is becoming redder and redder and redder and they say, woah. And then a state I love, Pennsylvania, hasn't been won in a long time. Hasn't been won in a long time. Republicans always think they're going to win Pennsylvania, they just never do. And we were way up in Pennsylvania with only 2 percent of the vote left and then 1 percent of the vote left and if I left every single vote -- I won it by a lot.
They refused to call it. I said wait a minute. If I lose every vote, I win it. Why aren't they -- it took them, like, until 2 o'clock in the morning, they refused, but that's when Wisconsin and Michigan kicked in surprisingly except not surprisingly to us because we'd go and we'd have crowds like this and I kept saying, well let's see, she had 400 people, I had 32,000, explain.
What are we going to lose this state? Why do we lose this state? And we didn't. And we didn't. That was a great evening. One of the greatest nights in the history of our country, but one, far less importantly, one of the greatest nights in the history of television. They did very well. They're doing very well on our backs.
The so-called "resistance" doesn't accept the will of the American people. They don't believe you have the right to run your own country, control your own lives or defend the nation's borders, traditions, and heritage. But the American people will never ever be silenced. You will never be silenced. We'll never be intimidated.
And this November, you will make your voice heard, just like you did two Novembers ago, in the most exciting evening for a longtime, maybe ever. Also at stake in this election is Medicare. Republicans want to protect Medicare. Democrats want to raid Medicare to pay their socialism. We'll end up being another Venezuela.
That's not going to happen to us.  And Josh -- Josh will help -- Josh will help a lot. That vote means so much. Democrats want to destroy Medicare with so-called "Medicare for all" -- robbing our seniors of the benefits they paid into for their entire lives. Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it and paid for it. For many, many years, they've been paying for it. Democrats even want to give welfare and free health care to illegal aliens.  All paid for by you, the great American taxpayer.
Republicans want to protect the safety for truly needy Americans, not for illegal aliens. We don't want that -- can't afford it. I'd be nice. You can't afford it. When it comes to health care, republicans will protect patients with preexisting conditions. They're going to protect preexisting conditions. I will always protect preexisting conditions, and Josh Hawley will always preexisting conditions.
Very important. The policies of the Democrat Party -- and you know, everybody always says the Democratic Party. It's not the name. It sounds better. I like saying it better. It's sweeter, right? The Democratic Party is better than the Democrat Party, but it's really the Democrat Party. And why should I make it sound sweet, right?
No, it's -- it is. It's the -- it's not called the Democratic Party. That's actually a nice name. They probably should change their name. I don't want to give them any ideas. But to me, it's the Democrat Party, and they aren't just extreme. They are, frankly, dangerous, and they are crazy. They're crazy. Democrats want to abolish us. In other words, they want to abolish immigration enforcement entirely, let violent sadistic gangs, like MS-13 -- the worst gang in the world -- run wild in our communities.
I've seen our guys from ICE. I've seen it, I've watched it. MS-13, they're tough, but they're not tough like our guys. They're not tough our ICE people. Our guys and girls, they go in there -- man, I'll tell you, it's unbelievable. And that's what we need. You know, you can't have, like, Oh, isn't he a wonderful person.
He's nice. He's -- we need tough people. These are tough people. These are sadistic, mean, sick criminals. ICE is incredible, and we're going to protect them, and we're going to cherish them, and we're going to thank them very much for keeping our communities safe. Democrats want to open borders, which equals massive crime.
Republicans want strong border, and we want no crime. We don't want crime. Democrat support sanctuary cities, cities of crime. They'll flood our streets with criminal aliens and violent gangs. Republicans believe that our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. Democrats want to dismantle law enforcement and attack the hero's who keep us safe.
Republicans stand proudly with the brave men and women of ICE, border patrol, and law enforcement. Everyday, our heroic ICE officers are tracking down gang members, predators, thieves and killers. And we are either throwing them the hell in jail or throwing them the hell out of our country.  So never made a lot of sense to me, somebody who wants to open borders -- crime, and somebody wants higher taxes.
Think of it. So you got open borders, you have crime. Here's their platform, crime and high taxes. I don't like that. I don't think I could win. That's not a good platform. Crime -- think of it, crime and high taxes. Now there's only things we won't even get in, but how do you get past those first two things?
Crime -- that's the democrats, crime and high taxes. And we're doing things about it, folks. And by the way, we had a record this month, on the border. We took in and arrested more illegal's coming across -- many of these were not good people -- than we've ever done before -- ever done before. And if they'd let us build that wall faster, if Congress could give us those funds -- the thing I do best is build -- I could build the whole thing in a year.
We're building 1 billion 6, another 1 billion 6, now it's another billion, but a lot of people have promised us, right after the election, they're going to approve the rest of the wall. Lets see if they keep their promise -- lets see. Let's see. But, it's getting built -- it's getting built anyways. It's not easy -- yep we're building it, not easy.
People think it's easy. You know Schumer and Pelosi...  They have bigger things -- they have bigger things, but the thing they want to obstruct and resist the most, even though they were in favor of a wall in 2006 -- they were in favor of it. Ask Israel whether or not a wall works. It works. It works.
And by the way, speaking of Israel, the embassy is now open and happily living in Jerusalem. It would've been 25 years before it was built. You know the story, right? Our great ambassador, David Friedman, one of the most successful lawyers in New York -- he loves Israel, he wanted to be the ambassador to Israel.
I put him there. And people were pressing for Israel, and they were pressing for Jerusalem to be the capital, move the embassy. And what happened is every president, for many, many presidents, said we're going to do what they campaigned, and then they lied. They didn't have the guts to do it. And I know why.
Because when it was obvious for people that I wanted to do it, I was called by virtually every leader in the world. People were calling me and they say, please don't do it. Please don't do it. Please don't do it, and I got a little bit tired of trying to be nice, so the last week I just didn't take their calls and I said, and I said, Ill call them back in a week.
Kings, queens, presidents, prime ministers, dictators, they're all calling; they all worry. They didn't want to me -- that's why the other presidents didn't do it. I mean, I've never had such pressure put on -- everybody was going, don't do it, so I just said I'll call them back after I do it, that's much easier.
Then I say, hi, you know what -- you ever do this? Get me so and so, Prime Minister so and so, it was just approved. So a day later, "Hi, how're you doing? What's up?"  And they go, oh, well we called for a certain reason, but that's OK. But the great story is I had a bill essentially, on my desk for the embassy cost in Israel.
I said, "How much is that? I'm sorry, what's this?" "Sir, that's the embassy in Israel." I said, "What is it?" "Sir, it's going to cost approximately $1.1 billion." I said, whoa, we know how to build -- two friends of mine are builders right here. They hear -- they haven't spent that much in their whole life, and they built a hell of a lot of stuff.
I mean, you know, like it's a one story building right -- "$1.1 billion, sir." And I actually had it half signed. I had Donald on it -- Donald -- I said, "What?" So I call David Friedman, I said, "David, let me ask you question. They want to spend $1.1 million on the embassy". It's crazy -- I mean it's crazy.
He said, "Could I call you back? Because I have an idea." I said, "Call me back". Now he knows Israel really well. So we own a piece of land in Jerusalem. He said it's the best location. We have a lot of great locations because we're there early, you know, like post offices are great locations because you're there early; we're the first ones.
Anytime you get a post -- real estate 101 -- anytime you get a post office, it's a good location. They're there there -- you know, it's early. So, David, said you know "There's a piece of land that we have that's fantastic. It's got a building on it; I'd like to look at it." And I said, look at it. He calls me back, he says, "It's fantastic, it's very big -- we can have setbacks, we can do everything we're supposed to do, and there's a building on it. And, sir, you don't have to spend $1.1 billion." I said, "What do you think it'll cost to renovate the building?" He said about $190,000. I said... I said, "What?" He said, yes.
It's the best site you can have. We have the best site, very big. You know, you want it set back for the obvious reasons. I said, "$190,000?" I said, "David, that almost -- does this make sense? I hate to say this -- it sounds too cheap."  He said, "No, we're going to use the finest Jerusalem stone." It's a beautiful stone.
People use it, spend a lot of money. There, they have a lot of Jerusalem stone, you're in Jerusalem. But...  ... I said, David, "Will you do me a favor? Let's do it, but make it $400,000, OK? Make it beautiful, David. Make it beautiful." He said OK. So here's the story, $1.1 billion and it will never get built.
It wouldn't be built for 25 years. As opposed to $400,000 and we just opened the most beautiful embassy -- it's been open for seven months. Seven months. So we saved essentially, over $1 billion -- actually, we really saved $1.1 billion, you want to know the truth. But we saved $1.1 billion. We opened it up in four months.
It took four months. We had the big ceremony. And it was -- it's just incredible and the people love it. And you know who loves it? Evangelical Christians love it. They love it. They love it. They love it. And we can do that in 100 different ways. I could tell you story after story about costs where we're defending wealthy countries and not being reimbursed.
We're defending wealthy, wealthy countries and we're not being reimbursed, OK? So we're doing it step-by-step. Go to the wealthiest countries in the world, you know, we've been defending you for like 30, 40 years. It's time you sort of help out a little bit here, folks. And they're going to do it. They're going to do it. A lot of them.
They're going to do it. So this election is about security and it's about prosperity, the trade deals. These trade deals are incredible. We didn't even negotiate them. They were ripping us off. We were being ripped off by allies and enemy -- we were being ripped off by anybody. So here is just of our great achievements: economic growth for last quarter hit 4.2 percent, unthinkable.
Unthinkable. Jobless claims just fell to a nearly 50-year low; jobless claims. Isn't that nice? Think of it, jobless claims. So number one, the people are happy. Number two, the country's saving a fortune, think of it. Jobless claims fell to a 50-year low. We've created over 4 million new jobs since our election.
We've lifted almost 4 million Americans off food stamps, saving a fortune and they're happy. We've added nearly 400,000 new manufacturing jobs, remember? You'll never have another manufacturing job, right? He's the guy. You'll never have another manufacturing job, remember the magic wand? What are you going to get, a magic wand?
Yes, I got a magic wand. And very soon, it's going to be 600,000. And you saw Apple, Tim Cook, great guy. They're bringing in $350 billion and they're going to be building facilities all over, including an incredible campus. And $230 billion is coming from offshore because of our new tax bill. It's coming from offshore.
And they're spending it in our country; our country. Household incomes among Hispanic Americans have just set a new record, think of that. Income for Hispanic Americans has set a new record. Hispanic American unemployment recently reached the lowest rate in recorded American history. African American unemployment recently achieved the lowest rate ever recorded in our country's history.
Remember? I used to say what do you have to lose, right? What do you have to lose? People would say oh, no, you shouldn't say that. That's not nice. I said of course I have to say that. For years, African Americans voted for Democrats, for 100 years. And for 100 years they were lied to. They were cheated.
And I said what do you have to lose, and now we have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country for African Americans. And we have just started. We've just started. We haven't even been here for two years. Asian American unemployment has also achieved all time historic lows. The poverty rates for African Americans and Hispanic Americans have reached their lowest levels in history.
Poverty rates the lowest in history. Youth unemployment has just reached its lowest rate in nearly a half a century, 50 years. Unemployment for Americans is very important. Without a high school diploma, recently reached the lowest rate ever recorded. That's somebody that never got through high school but they're great people.
They're great people. But for the women, I failed. I failed. Women unemployment rate recently reached its lowest rate in 65 years. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Sixty-five years. I failed for the women but within a short period of time -- it's the best numbers for women in 65 years. Within a short period of time, it will be in history just like all the others.
I thought it was going to happen actually this week. I would have like to have said that. We are fixing one-sided trade deals that have stolen American jobs and drained American wealth, just taken away our wealth. It's like candy from a baby, they took our money, they took our jobs, they took everything. They took our dignity.
They took our dignity. We've reached a deal to replace NAFTA with a beautiful brand new U.S.-Mexico trade deal. And we're working on a separate deal with Canada as we speak, we'll see what happens. Canada is charging a lot of money. Canada -- you know, they don't say this -- Canada charges 300 percent tax...  ... tax for dairy products going across -- 300 percent.
I say, you can't do that. So, look, we love the Canadians, but they've done very well with us over the last 35 years. So we're working on a deal with Canada. Probably it'll happen. If it doesn't happen, we'll be very well off. We're also cracking down on the unfair trade practices from China. China last year took out $500 billion from our country -- 500 billion, Five hundred -- not million -- 500 billion.
We have rebuilt China. We have given them such wealth. And were changing it. So we charged 25 percent on $50 billion worth of merchandise  tariffs coming in. And then they said, well, we're going to do the same thing. I said, that's OK, we have far more bullets. We're going to go $200 billion at 25 percent, Chinese-made goods, and we will come back more if they retaliate.
We have a lot more to come back with it. And they want to make a deal, and let's see if we can make a deal The problem is, whether it's China or Canada, or really anybody, they've lived so well off us for so long, it takes a little while, folks; it takes a little bit of while -- you know, when they're taking our $400 billion or $500 billion a year, and then you say, one guy comes in -- other presidents should have done this.
They should have -- there's no way I should have been put in this position. There's no way I should have been put in the position where North Korea and the United States were ready to go to war. I took that over and we're doing very well there too, doing very well there too. Doing very well. Have a very good relationship.
You know they've been working on that relationship for like 72 years. I got back, what, three months ago, and the fake news, said -- look, we got back our hostages. We got back our beautiful heroes. We got back our remains, right. You see they're coming back. And more is coming back, and more. They're not testing rockets and missiles.
They're not testing nuclear. It's all -- and we have a nice relationship -- so when did I get back? Like, what, three months ago. So here's their new one -- he's not moving fast enough. For 72 years they haven't done -- I've been back here for, like, three months. The relationship is very good. Chairman Kim, Kim Jong-un, sent me a beautiful letter two days ago.
They're dying to see what was in the letter. One day I'll show them.  But it was a great letter. It was a great letter, and we have very good relations. And let's see what happens. Let's see. Let's see. I'm in no rush. I'm in no rush. The sanctions remain. We haven't done anything. The sanctions are there.
Unlike that crummy Iran deal that I eradicated; I took it away. And look at what happened to Iran since we did that. Look at what happened. Riots in every city. You know when I took over and before I took over, everybody said, Iran will take over the entire Middle East. Now Iran wants to survive, OK. They're no longer looking at the Mediterranean, OK. And hopefully we'll be able to do something with Iran, but you know what, if it happens, good; if it doesn't happen that's OK. You know, that's OK. So let's see.
But they're not doing so well, folks. They're pulling in people from all over, but you know what? I hope we get along with them great, but it's not easy for them, and frankly it's not easy for others until we get treated with the respect that we deserve. To give our workers and businesses a level playing field, Republicans passed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history.
This year alone, families in Missouri will see a tax cut of more than $4 billion. Thank you. Four billion. That's in Missouri. We're making healthcare more affordable and accessible. We're keeping down the costs of the -- you know, I call it the remnants -- the remnants, because getting rid of the individual mandate is -- was a great thing.
I mean, how many people are helped by that? That was the most unpopular -- most unpopular thing in Obamacare, where you had the privilege of paying a fortune for not having to pay a fortune to have healthcare. And you know what? That doesn't work. So you're paying a lot of money for not having to pay for bad healthcare.
That doesn't really work. We got rid of it. You know how many businesses -- how many businesses were helped by that? No more individual mandate. The worst thing in Obamacare. And we're giving critically ill patients access to life-saving medicine and new techniques and new anything in Right to Try. They've been trying to pass that for 38 years, they say.
We got it passed. So now if somebody's sick, really sick -- you know, if they had money, they'd travel all over the world, they wanted hope, they were trying to find something. If they didn't have money, they -- they just didn't have any chance. And now we have some of the greatest medicines in the world.
They're under review. And if somebody's terminally ill, I want to give them the right to try. I want to give them the right to try. And now we give them the right to try. And many lives will be saved because we have incredible -- incredible things, but some of them won't be passed and approved for another 3 or 4 years, and we brought that number -- it was taking 15 years to have something approved; we're bringing it down to 2 or 3 or 4. FDA. Scott.
Good job, Scott. We passed the largest veterans reform in half a century, including the landmark V.A. Accountability Act. You know all about that. If a bad government worker abuses one of our great veterans, we turn to them and we say: you're fired.  That was a big deal. They've been trying to do that for 45 years.
Hard to do. You know why? I mean, I hate to say, a lot of respect for unions, a lot of respect for civil servants, but that's a tough thing to get by the unions and the civil servants, right? We're rebuilding our military. It will soon be more powerful than it has ever been before and everything is being made in the U.S.A., jobs, right?
Jobs, jobs, jobs. After years of depleting our military and letting our bases and equipment fall into total disrepair, we are now purchasing the finest planes and ships and tanks and missiles and artillery and submarines anywhere on earth; nobody makes it like us, nobody's even close. And we secured a record $700 billion for our military this year and $716 billion next year.
That will do things... No country is even close. And again, very unimportantly by comparison, jobs to me are the most important, but there's nothing more important than our military. There's nothing more important than protection, especially in the world in which we live. But -- but jobs are very important, and I love to say it's built right here in our country.
Because we understand that there is no substitute in this world for American power and American strength. And at my direction, the Pentagon is working hard to create a sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces called Space Force. That would have been a dream 5 years ago. You have Air Force and you now have Space Force soon, soon.
So that's basically it, folks. I could go on all night. All of the things. All of the things. I could go on all night. I took out -- last night in Las Vegas we had a packed house there too. I took out all of the things -- all -- every line is another thing. Some of these are big things, but I'm not boring you with it, I'm just telling you, we did a lot.
One of these very fine gentlemen in the back said, you know, it's very strange, but he actually did more than he promised. I actually did much more than I promised. For years you watched as your leaders apologized for America.  Now you have a president who will never apologize for America but only will stand up for America.
We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Missouri. And we are standing up for our National Anthem. To continue this momentum, to protect your family, your jobs, and your country, you need to get your friends, get your family, get your coworkers, and get out and vote Republican and vote for Josh Hawley -- Josh Hawley.
Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country and returning power to where it belongs, the American people. It was right here in Missouri. They're great explorers, maybe the greatest explorers -- I know you've never heard of them -- Louis and Clark -- began their epic journey across the American West.
They brave the wilderness, face the unknown, and never turn back until they achieved their incredible American destiny. That's what it was, a great destiny - brave, brilliant, incredible people. Today, we stand on the shoulders of the giants of American history, the greatest, toughest, most courageous men and women ever to walk the face of the earth, ever.
Our ancestors crossed the ocean, settled a continent, won a revolution and fought, to victory, in two world wars. American patriots, like you, defeated fascism, triumphed over communism, and delivered millions into freedom. That's us -- freedom. These courageous patriots did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others tear down their legacy, erase their history and sacrifice our proud American heritage.
Our country and our movement -- it's a movement. This was maybe the greatest movement in the history of our country. This was a movement. This wasn't about me. This is a movement. Outside, you have thousands and thousands of people. And I'm telling you. If somebody else had won or take anybody else in the history of our country and tell them we're coming to Missouri to make a speech -- some president -- if 300 people show up -- seriously, use a conference room someplace, a little conference room, a little -- you have to see what's outside.
You think you're a lot of people? How about doubling or tripling it outside? And Josh said that -- Josh said that. And we put big screens outside because this is happening all over the country. We put big beautiful screens -- so to all of the people outside, you're not as good in real estate as the people inside, but we'll get you next time.
We love you anyway. We have only just begun. Like the pioneers and patriots of the past, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. We are going to win for our families, we are going to win for our freedom, and we are going to win for our great American flag. We will not bend, we will not break, we will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will always fight onto victory.
We will always be victorious. Because we are American, and our hearts truly bleed red, white and blue. Now and forever, we are one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Missouri. Thank you. Go vote for Josh.
Hello, Las Vegas. How are you? How is everybody? We love Las Vegas. Thank you. Thank you. And I'm thrilled to be back in Nevada. You always have to say that name just right. With thousands of proud, hard-working American patriots, the people of Nevada love our country, honor our values, and always respect our great American flag.
And except for a lot of the fake news that you see from these people back here...  this is an incredible time for our country. America is winning again. America is being respected again. Because we are finally putting America first again. We have the best economy in our history. And I have to tell you this, if our opponent got into office, which would have been a very sad, sad period of time...  instead of your... It is a pretty sad day, isn't it? Don't worry.
It's all going to get better. It's all going to get better. But if our opponent got into office, your 401(k)s, instead of being up 52 percent in a short period of time, would have been down 52 percent. That's what was going to happen. That's what was going to happen. That's where it was going. Wages, right now, are rising and poverty is -- you see it. Poverty is plummeting.
Jobless claims just hit a 50-year low. Fifty. Five-oh. And the stock market today just hit another all-time high. We're fighting every day for our factories, our ranchers, our great miners, our farmers, and we are now the largest producer of energy in the entire world. And it's not by luck. We're rebuilding our military.
We're crushing the tariffs. And we're taking care of our great veterans. We're taking care of our veterans. First time in a long time. We've also just identified the first remains of our fallen warriors from North Korea, these incredible heroes, to now lay at rest in American soil. A lot of progress being made on North Korea.
Lot of progress. Do you remember, before I came in, it looked like we were going with war with North Korea? Now we made a lot of progress. Relationships are getting better and better. And we have our hostages back. And there's no more nuclear testing. And there's no testing of missiles and rockets over Japan.
We're doing well. And we're getting our remains back. Very important. We believe no American should be left behind. So we have midterms coming up. And you remember when we had that great, great election, almost two years ago. Can you believe it? And do you remember the tears from the fake news media, when it was obvious that we were going to win? 
And you know what? They're still crying. Look at them. They're still crying.  They're still crying. And let 'em cry. They don't know what the hell happened, but it happened, and that's why we're setting all-time records. That's why we're doing so well. But we have to get out for the midterms.
Promise me, you got to get out for the -- don't be complacent. You got to get out for the midterms. You got to vote. You got to vote. We need more Republicans. You know, when they say we have a majority, it's like this. It's like this. If somebody has a cold, we don't have a majority that day. It's like we have to have more Republicans in office.
We'll get everything we want, so fast. We've got to have it. So tonight, we are joined by some really terrific friends of mine and Republican leaders from the great state of Nevada, including two great candidates for Congress, Cresent Hardy, Cresent? Where's Cresent? And somebody that's been supporting me a long time, and he has shown such incredible stamina and loyalty and friendship, and we got to get him to win this race.
Danny Tarkanian, Danny? Thanks, Danny. What a great guy! Thank you, Danny. And, Danny, thank you for everything. You really are -- you've done a great job. Thank you, man. They're going to get you in. Vote for Tarkanian. Also, your next governor, a very popular guy in these parts, with a great family, Adam Laxalt.
Adam? And another friend of mine who really was outstanding, because, you know, I have a little -- to use an interesting word -- bias for this area. I love this area. You know the word bias? They've been talking about bias. Is there bias? Yeah, there was a lot of bias. You know that. But I have bias for this area and, also, for our great GOP chairman Michael McDonald.
Finally, I want you to please welcome the person that we're all here for tonight. Now, I have to say this. We started out, we weren't friends. I didn't like him. He didn't like me. And as we fought and fought and fought, believe it or not, we started to respect each other. Then we started to like each other.
Then we started to love each other. And the fact is -- and the fact is, he has been a tremendous supporter ever since I won the election. He's always been there. We can count on his vote. I mean, Wacky Jacky will never vote for us, folks. Never. She's wacky. She's never going to vote for us.  You can count on his vote for Second Amendment, for tax reductions, for regulation cuts, for judges.
Oh, look at our judges! Oh, what's going on?  You know, one of the reasons I was elected was because you believed that I was going to pick great Supreme Court justices. And Brett Kavanaugh... And I'm not saying anything about anybody else, but I want to tell you that Brett Kavanaugh is one of the finest human beings you will ever have the privilege of knowing or meeting.
A great intellect, a great gentleman, an impeccable reputation, went to Yale, top student, went to Yale Law School, top student. So we got to let it play out, but I want to tell you, he is a fine, fine person. So, he's got tremendous support. I can tell you that. Tremendous. Just like Neil Gorsuch, who's now on the Supreme Court, has tremendous support.
So we'll let it play out. And I think everything is going to be just fine. This is a high-quality person. And a man that agrees with that, and right now, his vote is more important than mine, because he's got to help Brett get in. And I'll tell you what? He respects him just like I respect him, but with Dean, we can count on him.
With Jacky, she's never going to vote for us. She may talk it. She even says, you know, a lot of the states like, where they like Trump, these candidates on the other side, they get up and they talk nicely about me, but they're never going to vote. They say, oh, Trump's wonderful, we like him a lot. You know, I won the state by like 34 points and they get up and they say, oh, we like him a lot.
He's great. He's wonderful. But they're never going to vote for us, so it doesn't matter. I'd rather have them say bad things about me and give us their vote. They're never going to vote for us. Because they're voting for Nancy Pelosi. They're voting for...  They're for the new de facto leader of the Democratic Party, Maxine Waters. 
And they're voting for cryin' Chuck Schumer. Cryin' Chuck.  Whereas your incredible senator, Dean Heller, is going to be with us all the time. Come on up here, Dean! Come on up here, Dean. Dean Heller.
OK. Thank you, Dean. Thank you, Dean. Thank you, Dean. And Dean really is a -- a champion, and I can tell you, I work with him. He's a champion for our workers, our families, and for our veterans. And we have to keep him. He led the charge in Congress to pass the most significant veterans reforms in half a century, including the V.A. Accountability Act.
You know what that is. That means people that work in the V.A. are accountable. If they don't treat our veterans well, if they don't do a good job, if they're sadists -- and you have that -- if they steal -- and you have that -- we say, sorry, but you are fired! Right? Before you couldn't do that. You couldn't do it. Now you can do it. That's been 45 years they've been trying to get it. It doesn't sound like much.
It's everything. So much. And, most importantly, 46 years, V.A. choice, this is where a veteran has to wait long periods to see a doctor. No longer. They now go and see a private doctor if there's a line. They don't have to wait for 12 days, for 20 days, for 40 days. They go see a doctor. We pay for the doctor.
And they get taken care of. They get taken care of. And Dean has led the effort in Congress to fully fund Veterans Affairs. It's a big deal. And he's been really great. He really has. So I just want to say, there's been no better friend. We started off slow, but we ended up strong. I've had no better friend in Congress than Dean Heller.
So, thank you. Thank you, friend. We've got to elect Republicans. That means our great congressmen, potential congressmen, and we have to get Dean to fight for Nevada, to fight for our heroes, and to help us make things honest around here. You know what's going on. So we're going to drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. 
Early voting, so important. Early voting starts in exactly one month, October 20th. So you can vote early, but you've got to get out and vote. And remember this. Dean's Democrat opponent Wacky Jacky, Jacky Rosen, she doesn't get it. Jacky Rosen is bought and paid for by her donors, 100 percent.
She doesn't even want to go to a debate. We think she doesn't want to debate. I said, hey, Dean, when's the debate? And he said, she won't debate me. That's not good. That's not good. Rosen doesn't represent Nevada's values. She represents the extreme liberal values of her out-of-state donors, funding almost 90 percent of her campaign.
But even that, just so you understand, she's going to do whatever Pelosi and Schumer tell her to do, OK? It doesn't matter.  Every one of them, they come in and they say, oh, we want to be bipartisan. They never vote for us. Jacky Rosen voted no on tax cuts. You know that? She voted for the disaster, which is really being changed rapidly.
You know, we got rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular thing. The disaster known as Obamacare. Jacky Rosen voted against Kate's Law.  And she voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities, which nobody wants.  And Jacky Rosen voted against the V.A. Accountability Act.
How do you do that? How do you do that?  So she, really, if you think about it, she voted for criminal aliens against veterans, for criminal aliens against citizens of our country. That's where she is. You don't want that. You don't want it. A vote for Wacky Jacky is a vote for the extreme agenda of those people, as Pelosi-Schumer-Waters is a vote for more taxes.
Seriously. It's a vote for more taxes, more crime, and more onerous regulation, which stops everything from happening. You know, we cut regulations more than any administration in the history of our country, and I did it in less than two years. And it's one of the reasons that you have all of those jobs.
It's one of the reasons that you can now go out and look for another job if you're not happy, because everybody wants to hire you and you're getting higher wages for the first time in 21 years. The new platform of the Democrat Party is radical socialism and open borders.  And I won't allow the United States of America to become the next Venezuela.
That's what they want to do.  So we started the wall a year ago. We've done a lot. We've rebuilt a lot of sections of wall in San Diego and a lot of areas. We're starting a big, brand-new section. We spent $1.6 billion, then another $1.6 billion. Unfortunately, sadly, because of the Democrats' obstruction, only $1.6 billion -- sounds like a lot, but it's not when you're talking about what we're talking about -- $1.6 billion was just approved.
I'm not thrilled, but after the election, they're all telling me were getting our wall the way we want it, so let's see what happens. Let's see what happens. Let's see if they produce. In this election, and by the way, we want that wall. We want that wall. You know where I am. I could knock it out, because I do that well.
That's what I do well. I build. We could knock that wall out in one year if they gave us the funds. I'll tell you what, though, if you look at Schumer and these people, even though they know you need the wall, they all voted for the wall in 2006. They vote for border security. And then they found out, oh gee, maybe from their standpoint, they can't do that, but they all voted for it. Hillary Clinton voted for it, right?
Remember her?  But -- but I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this. Everybody knows...  How is our Justice Department doing?  So they all wanted the wall. We're going to get the wall. But it would be a lot easier if you get Republicans in there to vote, please.
OK? A lot easier. Because their whole agenda -- on bigger things we can get. You see what we've gotten. We've got things that -- we got $700 billion to rebuild our military. We then got $716 billion to rebuild it second year, $700 billion and $716 billion. But their whole agenda, they know we want the wall.
They want to oppose it. They want to obstruct it. They want to resist. You know the campaign? It's called resist. Honestly, they're lousy politicians. Their policy is terrible. But they're good at sticking together and resisting. That's all they can do.  And you are witnessing it right now, but we're going to be victorious.
You watch. You watch. It's all they're good at. Resist. You know, they see the signs, "Resist, resist." Ugh.  We're for building great economies. They're for resisting. That's what it's all about. But this election, you have to vote for candidates who really know what your heart says, what your values are.
You have some great, great Republican candidates, and a lot of people think that I'm always angry at Congress. I'm angry at Democrats because of what they're doing to our country. I'm angry at Democrats because of what they do to our country. Today's Democrat Party is held hostage by left-wing haters, angry mobs, socialist fanatics, deep-state bureaucrats, and their fake news allies.
This is the big -- that's their best partner.  That's their best partner. The Democrat Party, their best ally is those people right there.  I can't tell you how dishonest and corrupt so much of the media is. I can't even explain it. Impossible to explain. Nobody would believe it. Nobody would.
And I don't mean everything. You have some fine people. Some fine reporters. I know them. Fine reporters. Look, all the red lights are starting to go off.  You have some fine people and some wonderful, wonderful, professional reporters. But I watch the coverage that we get. And it is so unfair.
We could have the greatest success, like, for instance, in North Korea, we're doing great. We're doing great, moving along. What do they say? There's nothing they can say. So they say he met with them. That's a defeat, because we met. They can't say anything else. We have the hostage -- they said he met! So many things they come up and then they say, oh, it's not moving fast enough.
They've been covering these Democrats for decades, they haven't -- they haven't done a thing. I left. What did I leave, three months ago? We're doing great. But these are people that will take a great story and make it as bad as possible. They'll take an OK story and make it horrible.  So I cannot tell you strongly enough, that is the single greatest ally of the Democrats.
Without them, they wouldn't be getting 5 percent of the vote. I'll tell you. It's true. It's fake news. Fake news. And you know, I have to say this, when I won the election, we won. I didn't win. We won. The whole thing, we won. The New York Times, like, they apologized to their subscribers because they covered the election so badly, because their subscribers say, how could this happen?
He got nothing but bad stories, because people don't read the New York Times, because it's a dishonest newspaper. It's terrible. But I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. When we won, they suffered. But I said -- I said -- I got one thing that I was -- in interviews, I say, you know the good news? I'll start now getting fair press.
And it happened for about a week. And now they're worse than they ever were. But it doesn't seem to have much of an impact, does it?  Not much of an impact. So the resistance, to an extent, because of them, is filled with anger, because their policies have been exposed as failure. Real anger.
The forces opposing us in Washington are the same people who squandered trillions of dollars overseas, who sacrificed our sovereignty, who shipped away our jobs, who oversaw the greatest transfer of wealth in the history of the world. That's what happened to our country. And we're now recovering. We're bringing back our jobs.
We're bringing back our companies. In 2016, the American people voted to reject this corrupt globalism. Hey, I'm the president of the United States! I'm not the president of the globe.  You voted to make America great again. We are making America greater than ever before. And it's happening before your eyes.
Bitter Democrats and their establishment cronies have spent every single day since 2016 trying to undermine the results of this incredible, historic presidential election that we won together. So we want to keep it going. And we want to do it the easy way. So this election day, go out there and vote. You got to vote.
Everybody's got to go out and got to vote. I want to give a victory speech. I want to give a victory speech on the evening of Election Day, which is coming up very quickly. We're going to be talking about America. We're going to be talking about the greatness of our country. We're not going to let people undo the incredible job that we've done over the last almost-two-year period.
So, don't forget, early voting, folks, early voting, October 20th. Now, we need -- we need in this election to do something special. I'm not saying there's ever going to be a time like we just went through. And a lot of people say that you're complacent now. You win the presidency and you're complacent. I don't think we're complacent.
And I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what I did. I'll tell you what I did. Last week, I said update it. I said update it. I want to show you -- I don't believe there has been any administration in the history of this country that has done more in two years -- and we're not even up to two years yet -- than our administration.
Look at this. So I said just write down some of the things. Each one, each one, point, point, point, four-and-a-half pages, almost 4 million jobs created since the election, more Americans are now employed than ever recorded before. Think of that. Today, more Americans are working than ever before. We've created more than 400,000 manufacturing jobs.
Remember what President Obama said? You can't have manufacturing jobs anymore?  By the way, he's campaigning again. That's good news.  Because if that doesn't spur you onto work -- you know, when I was running, I swear, I think he campaigned harder than Hillary Clinton. And we won big, 306-223. Remember?
There is no way, right? There is no way that Donald Trump gets to 270. No, we got to 306. Look, manufacturing jobs, which he said you'll never have again, I'm saying why won't you have it? We're not going to make anything? These are the best jobs. You know, manufacturing, they're, like, the best jobs, the most important jobs.
Manufacturing jobs growing at the fastest rate in more than 30 years. Economic growth, so they say, when I took this over, I'm telling you, it was a sick puppy. We were headed down. So last quarter, we hit GDP 4.1, adjusted upward 4.2 percent, right? Look. Point, point, point. Look at this. New unemployment claims recently hit a 49-year low.
You know what that means? Simple. That means people are working. They're working. You know this, you've been hearing, and now it's even better, African-American unemployment has recently achieved the lowest rate ever recorded. What do you have to lose? What do you have to lose? Remember? Ha. Remember, I said, what do you have to lose?
People said, oh, that's not nice. I said, hey, I go through a chart, it talked about the highest crime rates, the worst education, the worst homeownership. I'd go through -- and I just looked up one night and I said, you've always been with the Democrats. Vote for me. What the hell do you have to lose? Remember that, right?
Right? Hispanic, any Hispanic here? I think so. Hispanic-American unemployment is the lowest rate in history. Any Asians? Asian? Asian? Any Asian? Asian-American unemployment recently achieved the lowest rate ever recorded in our history. You've heard me say this. Women's unemployment, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, recently reached -- I'm sorry -- only the lowest rate in 65 years.
That's not as good. That's not as good as history. Soon -- this is important. Youth unemployment recently hit the lowest rate in nearly 50 years. So great. Under my administration, veterans' unemployment recently reached its lowest rate in numerous decades, whatever that may be. Almost 3.9 million Americans have been lifted off food stamps.
I mean, how good is that? Think of it. They live better, and it doesn't cost us anything. Right? How good is that? We have companies now under the pledge to America's workers, they're training, under our vocational programs, workers, there's never been anything like this. We have -- retail sales surged last month, up over 6 percent over last year.
We signed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in the history of the United States. As a result of the tax bill, small businesses will have the lowest top marginal tax rate in more than 80 years. That's not bad. We got, through a little work and a little coordination, the United States bid for the 2028 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
We got it. That was us. We just got the U.S.-Mexico-Canada -- we just got the World Cup in 2026. We needed a lot of... I told you about the record number in history of regulations, that's such a big deal. We enacted regulatory relief for community banks and credit unions so they can now go and loan you money again.
Last month, the FDA approved more affordable generic drugs than ever before in its history. And one of the things we did with the FDA is a thing called -- I love the name -- right to try. You know what that is? It was that, if you were sick, terminally ill, and we had a drug in the hopper that looked like it was really working out, this country for 50 years would not let you use that drug.
They'd say, no, it may harm you. Well, you're terminally ill, so they couldn't get -- and there was a reason. I'm -- not that easy. A lot of liability, a lot of everything, between the insurance companies and various different things, including government. I got it done. It's called right to try. So now, instead of if you have money -- if you don't have money, there's -- you just go to your room.
If you have money -- I know people, they traveled all over the world begging for a cure. We have the greatest medical people, the greatest medicines in the world. Now you have the right to try, and it's going to work plenty. It's a big thing. We just secured $6 billion for the new funding to fight the opioid epidemic, $6 billion.
You'll like this. We withdrew the United States from the job-killing, income-killing Paris climate accord. That was costing our country. And we have the cleanest air now in the world. We have the cleanest water. Remember this. I'm an environmentalist. I want crystal-clean water. I want crystal-clean air.
That's what we want. But I also want jobs to come to our country. So that was good. We secured a record 700 -- listen to this. We confirmed more court judges, think of this, than anybody. And we're going to get -- we just got Neil Gorsuch, I told you. We're going to get Brett. We've got great people. Look at this.
We moved the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem. We're protecting -- remember they said you'll never get that. They said that about everything. You'll never get that, you'll never get elected, you'll never this. Ladies and gentlemen, the winner is Donald Trump. Well... Remember the tears? Crying, crying, oh. Crying, crying.
Ladies and gentlemen, the next president of the United States -- this is on television -- and I say, oh, don't cry, please, I want to be happy. Don't cry. Now they're crying more than ever! Except you know they're torn. Number one, they're crying, but they're making more money than they ever made because of us, because their stocks are up. But you know what's going to happen with these -- I tell them, about six months after we start, six months before the election, they're going to endorse Donald Trump for president.
You know why? Because if they don't, those broadcasting companies, the New York Times, all of those, they are going bankrupt so fast. So they'll be endorsing me. They'll be endorsing me. So I could go on for page after page after page. Look at that. Page after page. And to me a big thing. We're renegotiating the worst trade deals ever made by any country at any time.
So, Democrats, I had to bring that out, you know, just boom, boom, boom, why not? Democrats want to give welfare and free health care to illegal aliens funded by the American taxpayers.  How about this clown in California who's running for governor? Now, think -- just think. We get a lot of people from California that moved here, but how about this guy?
Wait. He announces he wants open borders, that means just pour in, and then he wants to give them health care, education, everything. You know what's going to happen? California is going to have a billion people within a very short period of time. Now, I think -- and somebody has to ask, who's going to pay for this?
And do you know how bad it's going to be? You talk about waiting on line for the vets, which we saw? You'll be waiting on line for 10 years. It's the craziest thing I've ever heard. Open borders, come on into California, all over the world they're going to be pouring into California. Republicans want to protect the safety net for the truly needy Americans, people that need help, not for illegal aliens that come in to our country illegally.
And when it comes to health insurance, Donald Trump and Republicans will protect patients with pre-existing conditions. We're going to do that. We want to do that. Democrats want to destroy Medicare with so-called Medicare for all. It's going to be bust before it even gets open. Robbing from our senior citizens -- you know that, it's going -- it's going to be one of the great catastrophes ever.
The benefits they paid for their entire lives are going to be taken away. Republicans want to protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it and they paid for it for their entire life. They paid for it. The Democrat health care plan would force every American onto government-run health care and virtually eliminate all private- and employer-based health care plans.
In other words, you're going to have really bad health care. It's going to cost a lot of money. Their plan would cost $32 trillion and require at least the doubling of your federal income taxes, and probably much higher than that.  The Democrats would bankrupt the safety net through totally unlimited and uncontrolled immigration.
You will see crime like you've never, ever seen before. The policies of their party aren't just extreme. Frankly, they're dangerous, and they're crazy. So what I want you to do -- remember, Danny and Dean and these people, you're going to go out and vote, because we're going to take this country -- and we're almost there -- remember, it's make America great again, but very shortly we're going to be changing that logo to keep America great.
Keep America. And we're going to lower taxes.  We're going to lower taxes. They want to raise your taxes. They want to double and triple your taxes. And we are going to save and we are going to cherish ICE, ICE. Democrats want to open borders, which equals massive crime coming into our country.
Republicans want strong borders, and we want no crime. So here it is. We're going to make our country stronger than ever before. We're going to make our country richer and wealthier, and in so -- you need that. Look at how well we're doing. We're not ever going to apologize to other countries for our great success or for our great country.
You now have a president who is standing up for America. We're standing up for your values. We're standing up for Nevada. And we're standing up for our great national anthem. So we're going to do things. And you know what I've been saying. We're going to start winning again. We're winning now much bigger than I ever thought at a much earlier level.
Who would have thought this was going to happen? We thought it was going to happen, but not this fast. Remember this. All during our campaign, I said we're going to start winning again. And you're going to have your representative, Dean Heller, and you're going to go to him, we love this, don't we? And you're going to say, Dean, please see the president.
Nevada is winning too much. We can't stand it. We just can't take it. And Dean is going to come to the Oval Office, he's going to say, Mr. President, please, sir, stop winning so much, the people of Nevada can't take it any longer. And what am I going to say? I'm going to say, sorry, Dean, we're going to keep it going.
Look, here's the story. We really have turned it around. We're respected again as a country. Every time a person comes in to the Oval Office, a president, a king, a queen, a prime minister, they say, Mr. President, congratulations on what you've done with this country. It's true. We've never seen anything like it. All the time, I mean, I mean all -- almost all -- I have to be a little bit -- otherwise, I'll get -- almost all the time, they say congratulations.
Some of them are saying that they're emulating us, but most importantly, again, we are respected. We are really respected for what we're doing. And it's been a long time since our country has been respected. But we're respected again.  So, I love this state. I love the people of this state.
I was here a lot. I was here a lot. I was here a lot before I did this political thing. By the way, how did that work out? That worked out OK. But, please, remember, it can be very fragile if you have the wrong people in Washington, D.C. It can all end very quickly. Bad things can happen to the economy very quickly.
It doesn't take many bad decisions. And they will make all bad decisions. We can't let it happen. So I give you a pledge: We're going to work harder than ever before. We're going to work smarter than ever before. We are going to do things that nobody thought was possible. And that's already started. So, go out and vote.
You're not letting me down. I'm never, ever going to let you down. Thank you very much. We'll be back very soon. Vote for Danny. Vote for Dean. Vote for all of them. We need Republicans in Washington. We're going to keep it. Whether it's from Las Vegas to Reno, to Carson City, we need every Nevada patriot to go out and vote. Go out and vote. We will keep it going. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Good luck.
We're going to North Carolina. We'll then be heading to South Carolina. We're doing very well there, but the rivers are cresting. They're just starting to crest. We're really just going to say hello to all of the folks from FEMA, the military, the people that are working so hard. And I think it will be an incredible day. We'll be coming back at about six or seven tonight.
Well, it would seem that the FBI really doesn't do that. They've investigated about six times before, and it seems that they don't do that.
Well, I would let the senators take their course. Let the senators do it. They're doing a very good job. They've given tremendous amounts of time. They've already postponed a major hearing. And, really, they're hurting somebody's life very badly.
And it's very unfair, I think, to -- as you know, Justice Kavanaugh has been treated very, very tough, and his family. I think it's a very unfair thing what's going. So we'll see. But I do think this: They've given it a lot of time. They will continue to give it a lot of time. And, really, it's up to the Senate, and I really rely on them. I think they're going to do a good job.
I'd really want to see her. I really would want to see what she has to say. But I want to give it all the time they need. They've already given it time. They've delayed a major hearing. There's no more just about -- look, when I first decided to run, everybody said the single most important thing you do is a Supreme Court justice, okay? We've all heard that many times about a President.
I would say this: I think he's an extraordinary man. I think he's a man of great intellect, as I've been telling you. And he has an unblemished record. This is a very tough thing for him and his family. And we want to get it over with. At the same time, we want to give tremendous amounts of time. If she shows up, that would be wonderful. If she doesn't show up, that would be unfortunate.
I'm disappointed in the Attorney General for numerous reasons. But we have an Attorney General. I'm disappointed in the Attorney General for many reasons. And you understand that.
We are looking at lots of different things. I have a great Cabinet. We have the greatest economy ever in the history of our country. So we're very happy with the way things are running, generally speaking. I don't think we've ever had an economy like this. Somebody was on just this morning, from Reagan -- from the Reagan White House. He said this is one of the great economies in history. So we're very happy.
Well, the FBI has been very involved with respect to Justice Kavanaugh. They know Justice Kavanaugh very well. They've investigated him, I guess, six times. And they've investigated him for this hearing.
Look, if she shows up and makes a credible showing, that will be very interesting and we'll have to make a decision. But I can only say this: He is such an outstanding man. Very hard for me to imagine that anything happened.
We had very good news from North Korea, South Korea. They met, and we had some great responses. I got a tremendous letter from Kim Jong-un. As you know, it was delivered three days ago. We're making tremendous progress with respect to North Korea.
Prior to becoming President, it looked like we were going to war with North Korea, and now we have a lot of progress. We've gotten our prisoners back. We're getting our remains back. They continue to come in. A lot of tremendous things.
But very importantly, no missile testing, no nuclear testing. Now they want to go and put a bid in for the Olympics. No, we have a lot of very good things going.
Remember this: Prior to my coming into office, a lot of people thought we were going -- it was inevitable -- we were going to war in North Korea. And now we're -- the relationships, I have to tell you, at least on a personal basis, they're very good. It's very much calmed down.
Well, we'll see what he's looking at. We'll see. But in the meantime, we're talking. It's very calm. He's calm; I'm calm. So we'll see what happens.
I'm not. Because if he's honest -- and he is -- I think he's going to tell -- as long he tells the truth, it's 100 percent. He was with Ronald Reagan. He was with Bob Dole. He was with McCain. He was with many, many people. That's what he did.
Paul Manafort was with me for a short period of time. He did a good job. I was very happy with the job he did. And I will tell you this: I believe that he will tell the truth. And if he tells the truth, no problem.
I don't want to talk about it now.
Because we want to be able to take what we can handle.
Well, I'd have to see what she has to say. I've given her a lot of time. The senators have given her a lot of time. We continue to give her a lot of time. We've held up the whole hearing.
What I don't like is that Senator Feinstein had this letter for a period of like three months, from July, maybe even before that -- but from July. Why didn't Senator Feinstein bring this up at her meeting with Judge Kavanaugh? Why didn't the Democrats -- they knew about the letter, because she was showing it to Democrats -- why did they wait until everything was finished and then bring it up? That doesn't look good.
Thank you very much. I'll see you in North Carolina.
 Are you good? I heard your voice yesterday. It's a moving -- it's a powerful, moving voice.
It was under a wing and you can't -- you can't miss it. Did you like it last night?
I think it's going really well. It's going really well.
We're looking at $200 billion more, if you know that. It's in the hopper. We'll see what happens. Today's report was fantastic. And something really great for our country: Wages up 2.9. Nobody has seen that in a long time. The wage situation is incredible. That was an incredible report. Over 200,000 -- the number. Over 200,000, and 2.9 percent up in wages.
That was a fantastic story, a story that has not been told in a long time. That's what I've been trying to get to. That, to me, is one of the most important things -- not for Wall Street, but for the people and the country.
Canada is moving along. We'll see what happens. Mexico is a done deal. We're just  it. Canada is moving along. And we'll see what happens.
I mean, look, everybody wants to deal with us. We never had a President that dealt, because they didn't know how to deal, frankly. And these deals that were made -- NAFTA was one of the worst trade deals ever in history. World Trade Organization deal, that's the -- that goes down -- to me, that goes down as the number one.
But the second-worst trade deal ever made was NAFTA. And we're making it -- actually, taking it out of NAFTA, doing a brand new trade deal. It's not NAFTA any longer. But we're making a fair deal to the people of the United States. We lost so many jobs. We lost millions of jobs with NAFTA. We lost so much. And the farmers have done very poorly with NAFTA. So we're opening up markets and we're making new deals.
And now, let's see what happens with Canada. We'll probably know over the next two days.
Well, I think it's a disgrace that somebody can do that. And I think it's more disgraceful that the New York Times would do it. But that somebody is allowed to do that is -- it's very sad commentary
I will say -- just in watching this morning, briefly -- so many people that never said a good thing about me are now saying that should never happen. They've actually gone to my side. I think it's reverberating in a very different way.
Because, you know -- you know, one of the problems is this: I don't mind criticism. I handle it and I fight back, I guess you've noticed over the years. But here's criticism where you can't fight back because you have somebody doing it anonymously. Doesn't seem to be anybody very high up, because everybody very high up has already said, "It wasn't me." It would be very hard if it was, and they got caught, to make the statements that they've made.
But I will say -- I will say this: For somebody to do that is very low, and, I think, journalistically, and from many different standpoints, and maybe even from the standpoint of national security. We'll find out about that. For the New York Times to allow that to happen is disgraceful.
Because you don't know who it is, therefore you really have a one-way conversation. And I don't want it. So I can say that Woodward -- Woodward's book is a total fraud. Which it is, it's a total fraud. I don't talk that way. You people know me, I don't talk that way. I can't get up and talk in front of a crowd -- many times without notes -- for an hour and twenty-five minutes and get the biggest crowds in the history of politics.
Because this is not like what you saw last night -- that place was packed. And you're in Billings. And all over the country, you don't see an empty seat. You don't get up and do that because you don't know how to think or talk. You can only do that if you're at a very, very high level.
So, the book that was written was fiction. I don't speak that way. I'm highly educated and always did well. Always did well, no matter what I did. Whether I was in show business -- I was in show business. I had "The Apprentice." It was one of the top shows on television. No matter what I did -- before that, I was a businessman. I was great at business. And then I tried politics. And I started off as President, and guess what happened? I won.
The book was just total fiction. Disappointing, but when I went I went back and did research on Woodward after the book -- I guess it comes out soon -- I did a little research; Bush had the same problems, and Obama had the same problems .
But that book was total nonsense. And when General Mattis and General Kelly and Sarah and everybody else come out and totally disavow everything that they said in the book -- and others too, by the way -- you see the list of people -- it's hard to believe you can allow somebody to get away with it.
And frankly, I'll say it again: Our libel laws should be tough enough so you can't do that. Our libel laws are pathetic. Our libel laws should be toughened up, so if somebody writes things that are fraudulent and false, they get sued and they lose. We should do that.
I think so, because I think it's national security. Yeah. I would say Jeff should be investigating who the author of that piece was because I really believe it's national security.
Well, we're going to see. I'm looking at that right now.
It only happened yesterday, right? But I'm looking. I am looking.
We're going to take a look at what he had, what he gave, what he's talking about -- also where he is right now. Supposing I have a high-level national security meeting, and he has got a clearance -- I know we talked about clearances a lot, recently -- and he goes into a high-level meeting concerning China or Russia or North Korea or something, and this guy goes in. I don't want him at those meetings. So, we're going to see what happens. We're looking at it very strongly from a legal standpoint.
By the way, yesterday was a very interesting statement, as you saw, from North Korea. Had a very positive statement. Unfortunately, you know, people don't cover it or you only cover the negative statements. But that was a very positive statement, what he said about me. And also what he said about -- he wants to denuclearize during the Trump, you know, administration.
That was a very positive -- there's never been a more positive statement coming out of North Korea. And honestly, I didn't see it on the front page of your papers.
Well, let me just tell you, David. Number one, there is no obstruction. Number two --
Wait, wait, wait. Listen. Because everybody that looked at anybody over there, they get them on some kind of a lie. I see Papadopoulos, today, is going to -- I don't know Papadopoulos. I don't know him. I saw him sitting, in one picture, at a table with me. That's the -- that's the only thing I know about him. I don't know him. But they got him on -- I guess, a couple of lies, is what they're saying.
Flynn -- where the FBI said he didn't lie, but Mueller's people said he did lie. So, I don't want to be set up with a perjury trap, number one. Number two, there was no obstruction and there was no collusion.
Now, one of the things that was interesting about this ridiculous book: He hardly covered collusion at all. Now that's his business, covering that kind of a thing. In fact, I figured it was going to be some kind of a fictitious book having to do with collusion. But there was none.
There was no talking to Russia. There was no phone calls. I didn't make phone calls to Russia. I didn't receive phone calls. I didn't have meetings. I didn't have texts. I didn't have anything. I've nothing to do with Russia. Nothing to do with Russia.
So -- so I think that if we're going to meet, it's got to be a fair meeting. Remember this: Article 2. Number one, you have Article 2 provision. That covers everything. But despite Article 2, there was no obstruction and there was no collusion.
Now, they've practically found that there is no collusion. They've given up -- everybody has given up on collusion because I didn't meet with Russians because I love the United States. I didn't meet with Russians. Frankly, I was focused on the campaign. And, you know, if I met with Russians, you know who would have found out? You people would have found out because you know everything I'm doing. You don't always report it correctly, but that's okay. I'm used to it.
But -- didn't meet with the Russians, had nothing to do with Russians. There is no collusion. And the interesting thing about the book -- I figured it'd have chapters of nonsense -- he couldn't find anything about collusion. In that big, fat, ugly book, with all the misquotes and all the lies, he didn't have about collusion.
Yeah, I mean, I'd do it under certain circumstances. I think it's a big waste of time because there was no collusion.
Honestly, it's such -- it's such a sad thing for our country to be going through a witch hunt like that. It's so hard for us to deal with other countries, including Russia, because of that witch hunt. It endangers our country. It really endangers our country. It puts us at a big disadvantage all because of the rigged, phony witch hunt.
Now, you have 17 angry Democrats. Now they're making it smaller. I guess they've -- they've given up on the collusion stuff. But it's -- and you have people that are highly conflicted, highly conflicted. Why don't we have some Republicans on it?
It is -- it is so -- it is so egregious, when you look at all of these Democrats, people that were top of the line, people that were at Hillary Clinton's -- I call it "Hillary Clinton's funeral." That was the night she lost the election. It was a funeral. It was a wake.
People that are on Mueller's team were there, crying. They were crying as she lost. What kind of -- what kind of a probe is that? Now, that -- all that being said, I must tell you, again, I'm not the target of an investigation. You do know that. Nobody wants to put that. I'm not the target of an investigation.
But still, it's not right. When you have people that go to her victory party-slash-funeral, and you have those people looking at anybody having to with it, I think it's very unfair.
With that being said, we have to get it over with. It's really bad for the country. It's really unfair for our midterms. Really, really unfair for the midterms. This thing should have been over with a long time ago.
I watched Jim  Dowd -- a very good guy, a very good lawyer -- and he was devastated because he thought -- and he kept giving me dates -- he thought this would be over. And he's a -- he's a great lawyer. He thought this would have been over many months ago, and he was devastated by it.
No, I -- he never took -- he never took a memo off my --
Gary Cohn, if he ever took a memo on my desk off of my desk, I would have fired him in two seconds. He would have been fired so fast. Gary Cohn never took a memo off my desk. If he did, he would have been fired within the first second that it took place.
Now, let me just -- let me just say --
Let me just tell you, the deal that you're talking about is the South Korea deal. I completed the deal after Gary Cohn left. It's completed. We're probably going to sign at United Nations week, in a couple of weeks.
But the deal is completed. It was a horrible trade deal made by Hillary Clinton that was supposed to give us 150- to 200,000 jobs. And she was right, it did give 150- to 200,000 jobs. You know where it gave them? To South Korea. Okay? It was a horrible deal.
I terminated the deal. I made a new deal. It's a great deal. We like it. Now it's a great deal. It went from a bad deal to a -- really, a good deal. I did that not because of Gary Cohn; I did that because of me.
I'm working on Canada now. You know, people can say, oh, I'm too tough on Canada. Look, Canada has been ripping us off for a long time. And now, they've got to treat us fairly. I don't want to do anything bad to Canada. I can; all I have to do is tax their cars. It would be devastating. If I taxed cars coming in from Canada, it would be devastating. But I don't want to do that.
But we want to make a fair deal. I do use that as leverage in negotiating. When they don't want to give us a point, I say, "That's okay. I'd rather tax your cars coming in." And I win a lot of points because of it. But I will say, the deal -- that phony story about Gary Cohn -- if he did that, I'd never speak to him again. I'd never speak to him again.
I don't know. I know that a letter is being delivered to me -- a personal letter from Kim Jong Un to me -- that was handed at the border. I don't know if you know that, but it was handed at the border yesterday.
It's being delivered -- it's actually an elegant way; it's the way it used to be many years ago before we had all of the new contraptions that we all use. But a letter is being delivered to me, and I think it's going to be a positive letter.
But we have to -- we have to start -- Steve, we have to start that process. Look, on North Korea -- it's very interesting. It started off very rough. I said it last night -- you were at the speech. I said, "They thought everybody" -- from -- you people thought I was too rough. Too rough, too tough, too horrible -- it's horrible. It worked out great.
In the meantime, we have our hostages back. I've said a hundred times: no missiles, no rockets, no nuclear testing. There's been some rhetoric, but let's see what happens. Although the rhetoric between myself and him has been very good. But he said, "I have a respect for Trump. I have respect for President Trump." Yesterday, he said, "I want to make this deal and denuclearize during President Trump's administration."
So let's see what happens. But he did write me a letter, and the letter is being delivered to me. Probably I'll have it -- I think it's being brought in by Mike Pompeo -- who, by the way, is doing a fantastic job.
I said something at the -- well, I haven't spoken to him.
I said -- so one of my best --
One of my best meetings was with President Putin of Russia. And I got -- not -- the press treated it very unfairly. My best meeting was probably NATO because they're putting up hundreds of billions of dollars that they never would have put up. But one of my best meetings was with Putin. Yeah, I said it very strongly. But I'll tell you, I also said it to China, and I say it to other countries.
You know, China, right now, is a far bigger problem. You do understand that.
Nobody ever talks about that. China is a far bigger problem. I'm being strong on China because I have to be. They're taking $500 billion out a year. Can't let that happen. Nobody has ever done what I've done. And the $200 billion we're talking about could take place very soon, depending on what happens with them. To a certain extent, it's going to be up to China.
But we've taxed them $50 billion -- that's on technology. Now, we've added another $200 billion. And I hate to say this, but, behind that, there's another $267 billion ready to go on short notice, if I want. That totally changes the equation. I say "off the record," but you can use it if you want. But off the record, China is down 25 percent.
We are up, since my election, almost 50 percent. We're up almost 50 percent. Some markets are up more than that -- we look at NASDAQ.
People have suggested it. Rand Paul -- who I like and respect -- came out this morning. He said, "Have them take lie detector tests." You know, a lot of people have said, "I didn't do it." They wrote, actually, very strong statements.
Almost -- that I see -- almost all of the high-level people have said that. You know, when you say that, and then, if it were you, you'd be done for the rest of your life. So it's very hard for them to say that, and then -- because, eventually, the name of this sick person will come out.
I don't know. You know, you try and get little telltale signs that maybe they put in. Hey, maybe it's nobody. Maybe the Times did it.
Look, the Times uses phony sources all the time. So maybe the Times did it. I'm not sure.
I do. I do. I do. But what I do is, now, I look around the room and I say, "Hey," if I don't know somebody. But the people -- everyone that's at the major meetings with me are on the front page of the newspapers today with beautiful notes that I did not ask them for.
Let me just tell you this: We have a really well run, smooth running White House. I said last night, "It's a well-oiled machine." It is running beautifully.
Our trade deals are going to be the best deals ever made by our country. Our military is going to be, very shortly, stronger than it's ever been. Everything we are doing -- regulation cutting. We have a really -- you know, I -- you have the list. I don't know, I guess you have the list. Nobody's ever done that much. There has been no President that's done what I've done in the first two years in office, and not even close.
You take a look at what we've done between tax cuts and regulation cuts. Now -- and it looks very good for Justice -- for Judge Kavanaugh to be Justice now, you know. It looks very good. And we have Justice Gorsuch.
So it appeared -- in 18 months, I have 2. Nobody -- I don't think anybody has done that. You have many Presidents where they've gone for a long periods of time and they've never had a Supreme Court choice. So, we'll have two before I even, you know, have two years now.
No administration has done what I've done. I just left Montana, and I looked at those trains and they're loaded up with clean coal -- beautiful clean coal. And those trains were empty two years ago. They were empty; they were dying. Nobody's done what I've done. Okay, I'll see you at the place --
In fact, Japan has called us. They called us. The only reason I didn't want to do it quite yet: because we're in China.
We got a lot -- trade. Japan has already contacted us; they came last week. Don't forget -- Japan would not deal with Obama. He wouldn't deal with President Obama. They wouldn't deal. They said, "No, we're not going to talk trade." Me? They're calling up.
Because they felt there was going to be no retribution. They felt they were weak and nobody was going to do anything. And, in my case, they feel just the opposite. And I'll tell you, if we don't make a deal with Japan, Japan knows it's a big problem for them.
We'd rather do it the old-fashioned way -- get it from Congress -- but I have other options if I have to.
Just so you understand, I've already started the wall. The wall has been started. In fact, we're sort of saying, "Continue the wall." You know, "Continue." Right? Instead of "Build the wall," "Continue the wall."
We have two options: We have military, and we have Homeland Security. I'd rather get it through politically -- politically speaking, I'd rather get it through Congress. If we don't, I'm looking at that option very seriously.
If it were up -- I don't want to say "up to me," because it is up to me -- I would do it, because I think it's a great political issue. I was reading and watching, the other day -- there are some people that I have a lot of respect for. Rush Limbaugh says, "It's the greatest thing you can do." Mark Levin -- "The greatest thing you can do." Your friend, Hannity -- "the greatest thing you can -- ".
I mean -- and there are plenty of politicians. But, there were a lot of politicians that I like and respect and that are with me all the way that would rather not do it because they have races. They're doing well; they're up. And, you know, the way they look at it -- might be good, might be bad. But if we do what we're doing, we're going to win. I think we're going to do very well. I think we're doing to do great in the Senate, better than anyone has any understanding of. And I think we're going to do well in the House.
One of the important things is, when I go to an area -- like going to Montana last night for Matt Rosendale -- he's doing very well. He was the one we wanted. He's doing very well. He'll end up jumping a lot. And you've seen it. Look, in Florida, he started out at 3; he ended up winning the election by 20 points -- Ron DeSantis.
In Georgia, he was down 10 points with 3 days left, and he won the election by 40 points. That's pretty good. But -- and those are primaries. But I think we're -- you know, we have a very good record. But I think I'll do almost as well in elections. The main thing is, can I get there? The main thing is, do you people have the stamina to stay with me?
Steve, David, do you have the stamina? Do you have the stamina?
We'll all have fun together. So enjoy yourself. This is going to be two pretty quick stops.
I guess. You want it on the record?
You promise you're going to have it nice and -- everything fair, right?
If it's all fair -- if it's all fair, the answer is, go with it.
 I'll will get -- I'll go back there -- "So we have breaking news." "Oh, no."  Yeah, just be fair with me.
You okay with that, Hogan? Do I have that?
I don't think we said anything very tricky, Hogan. What do you think?
You know my attitude -- when I ran, I would do this all the time. I'd give press conferences before the speeches. The problem is the press conference would get more coverage than speech. I'd say, "Why I am doing the speech?" Right? But I always liked the idea of press conference. I always like transparency. I always like transparency. Yeah, use it in good taste. Okay? All right?
Well, I'll tell you what I think the country and even the world are seeing what's going on. The level of popularity, the wor- the level of love, not only in this room, but all over the country, outside of that little swampy area -- the level of love is incredible.
Our country Pete is doing better than it's ever done before. The markets are the highest. The  jobs are the best. We've cut your taxes massively. We have... So I mean, what we've done on regulation, I think it's probably really the big secret, because, frankly, it may be even more important than what we've done with taxes.
Today, we have, as you know, a great future Supreme Court justice, going on, Justice Brett Kavanaugh, and we just had a brilliant young fantastic justice approved, Justice Gorsuch,  that's going to save, hopefully, Your second amendment and so many other things.
So, I mean the level of love in the country is beyond belief. Outside of that little area, but the level of hatred there is also beyond belief.
Well number one, The Times should never have done that, because really what they've done is, virtually, you know it's treason.
You can call it a lot of things. But to think that you have somebody in all of the cabinet, so many people, as you know, they came forward. They're writing editorials. They're all saying, you know, it's got to be at a fairly low level, because so many people today -- I was just coming out, and I see all the people that are saying such great things.
We have a lot of love in the administration, and the White House is truly, as you would say, a well-oiled machine. It is working so well. And, you know, we have -- I heard you say yesterday, we have thousands of people that in theory could qualify.
So they take one person out of thousands. But what's unfair -- I don't mind when they write a book, and they make lies, because it gets discredited, we  just discredited the last one, we discredited all of them because it's lies.
But, I'll tell you, when somebody writes and you can't discredit, because you have no idea who they are, usually you'll find out it's a background that was bad. It may not be a Republican. It may not be conservative. It may be a deep state person that's been there a long time. You don't know where. It's a very unfair thing, but it's very unfair to our country and to the millions of people that voted, really, for us. They voted for us.
So -- So we've started the wall. We've spent now close to $3.2 billion  where -- in different parts of California. We're doing an 80-mile strip, but we are looking to get the rest of the funding.
Here's the thing. I have a lot of great Republicans. We need Republicans elected in the midterms. We have to get Republicans. And we are getting the wall done. I've had so many people -- good people, great people. They'd rather not do it before,  they'd rather do it right after the election. They don't want to do anything to upset the apple cart.
And, my inclination -- if it was up to me, I'd shut down government over border security. And I guess, when you get right down to it, is -- it is up to me. But I don't want to do anything that's going to hurt us or potentially hurt us, because I have a feeling that the Republicans are going to do very well. We have the strongest economy we've ever had.
I think we're going to do really well in the midterms, between the tax cuts and all of the other things we have done. So, most likely, I will not do that. But we're going to do it immediately after the election. I have that commitment from Mitch McConnell, from Paul Ryan from everybody. We do it right after the election, where, hopefully frankly it'll be easy because we'll have more Republicans not less.
We're doing very well in the Senate races. And I think we're doing really very well in the House. We'll see how it comes out. It will be an exciting day, I can tell you that. Nothing will be as exciting as our day, almost two years ago. Can you imagine? It's almost..  almost three years. So, we're going to get the wall. We've already started the wall, and will -- we'll continue onward.
We are. I don't know what the NFL is doing. Honestly, I don't know what the NFL is doing. From what I understand it's in contracts that you have to stand for the national anthem. In fact, they have somewhere, it says you will stand, you will have the helmet on the ground and the hand on the heart. That's what it says. I don't know why they're not enforcing it.
And in cases where they don't have it -- you know they had a new thing, where they don't have to do that. You don't have to kneel. You can go back into the locker room. I think that's worse than kneeling in a certain way. You're going back in. That shows you just have no respect for the anthem or the flag.
I don't like what Nike did. I don't think it's appropriate what they did. I honor the flag. I honor our national anthem, and most of the people in this country feel the same way. They feel the same way.
Look. There was no collusion. Even in these crazy books, they don't talk about collusion. There was no collusion with Russia. I love this country.
Now, if we get along with China where we're doing very well in trade -- you notice what's happening, you see what's going on, and with Canada, and with Mexico, and with different places. But, if we get along with China, if we get along with Russia. If we get along --  just a little while ago, a very nice statement came out from North Korea. You probably saw that.
By the way, you don't read that in the papers, because when it's nice, they don't put it in. Kim Jong-un said very nice things. He said we want to get denuclearization during the Trump administration. It just came out, and I hope you heard what I said, because you don't read that in the fake news media.
You just don't. I mean, they don't want to write it. They only want to write bad when it comes to us, and it's a shame. The -- the level of unfairness and bias in the press is actually incredible. But in the meantime, we're winning folks. Be happy, because we're winning. We're winning.
Well, first of all, you have a new man. Matt. Do we love Matt?  So Matt is -- he's, I mean they know him so well here. He's been so successful. He's running for the Senate. And frankly, what Tester did to a phenomenal man. Admiral Ronny Jackson. My doctor. He's an admiral. He's a doctor. He's like a perfect -- he's just a great person. And what they did to demean this man, and he held up because he's strong. But most people could never take it. Ronny Jackson: We love you. It should never have happened.
But what Senator Tester did, and what he said that turned out to be false, was incredible. And you see that in politics. People say things that are totally -- they're -- they're doing that with Matt. They're saying bad stuff, and they figure, hey, we'll correct it after the election's over. Let me tell you, you have a winner here. He's going to win, and he's going to give us his votes, because Tester is never going to give us a vote.
I know he did a commercial. I feel -- I feel a little bit guilty, because he did a commercial today, and everyone saying it's like a love letter to President Trump. That's because I won this state by many, many points. And so, is that right? I mean, he did like, it's a love letter. I shouldn't say bad about it. The fact is we're never going to get his vote.
On the Second Amendment, if he can get rid of it, he'll follow Schumer, he'll follow Pelosi, he'll follow Maxine Waters. And, the problem we have, as a group, he will never, ever vote for us. He didn't vote for Judge Gorsuch. Justice, now Justice Gorsuch. He didn't vote for tax cuts. He didn't vote for the things that we need.
So, you need to elect our friend, and he's going to be a phenomenal Senator. You've got to vote against Tester. You got to vote -- he will never -- remember this. Remember this. I -- in a way ,I feel very guilty saying it, because I almost thought I made the commercial about me, and it was his commercial. But he'll never vote for us. And that's ultimately what's important.
So stay with Matt. Be with Matt. I think he's leading in the polls right now. Is there a poll --he's two points up. You're going to have somebody that's going to be with us. He's going to vote for us. And he's going to be a great, great Senator for your state. Great. Thank you.
Hello, Montana. This is going to be a lot of fun. Thank you.
There's no place like a Rosendale rally, forget Trump. Rosendale. But there is no place like a Trump rally, right? We have a good time. We have a good time.
And in the election, we won this state by a lot. That was not close. But I am thrilled to be back in Big Sky Country with so many of my great friends and true American patriots. Thank you.
Thank you. From the Rocky Mountains to the Great Plains, the people of Montana love our country, love our country so much. They honor our values, and you always respect our great American flag. You see what's happening.
This is an incredible time for our nation. We have the best economy in history. The stock market is at record highs. Unemployment is at historic lows. And more Americans are working today than ever, ever, ever before.
That's a great stat, isn't it? Think of it. More Americans today. And it grows every week. Every week, it gets higher, higher. But more Americans are working today than have ever worked before in our country. A great stat. That's a big stat. Our coal miners are back to work.
And we are fighting every day for our great ranchers and loggers and farmers, and we're winning that fight and we're winning it quickly. We're rebuilding our military, crushing the terrorists, and taking care of our veterans.
America is winning again, and America is being respected again. As you all saw this week, the Senate is now considering a truly exceptional nominee for the United States Supreme Court, Judge Brett Kavanaugh. And he's doing really well. But do you believe the anger and the meanness on the other side? 
Sick. It's sick! The whole country is now seeing his amazing intellect and his brilliant legal mind. Judge Kavanaugh deserves overwhelming bipartisan support. And I think he's going to be one of our truly great Supreme Court justices.
So tonight we're joined by truly terrific Republican leaders from the great state of Montana, including a friend of mine, an incredible senator, somebody that works so hard, and I can tell you -- I don't want to embarrass him -- but I'm going to tell you, he loves you, Senator Steve Daines. Where is Steve? Thank you, Steve. Great job. Steve is a worker and he does an incredible job.
You also have a great attorney general, who I've gotten to know over the years, Tim Fox, doing a fantastic job. Thank you, Tim. Thanks, Tim.
Your secretary of state, Corey Stapleton. Corey? Thanks, Corey. State Superintendent of Public Instruction, and he's just -- I mean, this is a fantastic person, Elsie Arntzen. Elsie, thank you. Thank you, Elsie. Great job. Been fantastic. You are really -- she has done some job. I've heard all about you, your reputation. Thank you very much. And your outstanding Montana GOP Chairwoman Debra Lamb.
So, Debra, how are we doing now compared to Election Day almost three years ago? Could you believe it? How are we doing? Better? Even better? Good. That's what we're doing in most states. And the states that we won, we're doing better. Thank you. Thanks. Great job. Great job, Debra.
I'm also thrilled to be joined by Montana's terrific member of Congress, a true champion for Montana, and I'll tell you what, this man has fought in more ways than one for your state. He has fought for your state. Greg Gianforte. He is a fighter and a winner. He's a winner. Great.
He loves your state. Thank you very much, Greg. Great job.
Everybody has to get out and vote for Greg and vote for people that are going to vote for us, because without that, you're going to lose a lot of the things that we've won over the last two years. You're going to lose them, and you're going to lose them fast. Can't let that happen. But I'm here for a very specific reason. Please welcome the person that we have such respect for, he's now leading in the polls.
But I don't want to say that. I want to say he's just a little bit, like, one or two points behind. Is that OK, Matt, for me to say that? But he is somebody who is going to be a phenomenal United States senator from Montana, Matt Rosendale. Matt, come on up. Matt? Where is Matt? Come on up, Matt. Come on up, Matt.
Thank you, Matt, very much. Thank you.
Matt Rosendale. Very, very important, very, very important that we elect Matt and, frankly, other Republicans. We have to get the Republicans -- we'll get things we want. We've started the wall. Everybody wants the wall. We've spent $3.2 billion on the wall. We've got to get the rest of the funding. We're going to get.
The Democrats want to obstruct that. They want to obstruct our great justices. And by the way, you obstruct these justices, you're going to lose your Second Amendment. You're going to lose your right to those guns. You're going to lose your Second Amendment. So be careful. Be careful. Be careful. 
And don't forget, Tester is going to vote with the Waters and the Pelosi. Can you imagine? Maxine Waters is your new leader in the party. 
Can you believe it? Maxine Waters. She's sure something. But he's going to vote for Schumer. They're going to do whatever they say. They -- I will say this. I will say this. The one thing, their policies are horrible. They're for open borders, meaning let all the crime come in. They're against so many things that you want.
You know, I've been saying and I've been saying it strongly, they're going to take away -- they're going to hurt your Social Security so badly, and they're killing you on Medicare. Just remember that. I'm going to protect your Social Security. We're going to take care of your Social Security. Matt Rosendale is going to make sure we're not touching your Social Security and your Medicare is only going one way. That's stronger. They're going to end up taking it away from you, and you won't even know what happened.
And on top of that, you're going to pay more taxes. It's crazy. Jon Tester will never drain the swamp, because he happens to live in the swamp and he loves the swamp. 
Jon Tester -- I feel a little guilty, because, you know, he did run the most beautiful commercial. I heard yesterday it started, and he's like my best friend, President Trump this, President Trump that. It's amazing when you win a state by a lot of points how even Democrats can like you. Isn't that crazy?
But the problem is, he's never going to vote for me. He's not going to vote. But he's taken more cash from lobbyists than almost anyone in the entire Senate. He's controlled by his donors. One of the saddest things I've seen is when Jon Tester and what he did to a great, great man, Admiral Ronny Jackson. 
Admiral Jackson was subjected to horrible lies and smears. Now, I'm, you know, a victim of that, too, but I'm sort of getting used to it. 
At least it's my job. You know, I was going to say I'm a politician. I never thought I was going to say I'm a politician. Can you believe -- I guess I'm a politician, you know? I guess I'm a politician. Think of it. I didn't want to say that. One of the few times I've said it. Yeah, I'm a politician.
But, you know, I've only run once, and that was for president, and I won. How did that happen? Right? Wasn't that nice? I run once and I won. A lot of people have spent their lives trying to be president. We know them all. Some we respect, and some we don't respect too much.
But Ronny Jackson, he's a doctor, he's an admiral. He's actually the doctor that gave me my physical. And he said that I'm in great shape.
And the Democrats and liberals, and deep state, they were very upset to hear that. So they got tougher and tougher, and they lied more, and they write more books now. I never saw -- I have books that are stacked up this high. Actually, the ones that are really good are number one, two, and three on the bestsellers list, right? The ones -- the really good ones by Justice, you know -- I call her Justice, but she's judge, but she's Justice to me -- Jeanine, we love her. Judge Jeanine. By Gregg Jarrett. How about Bongino? He's got a very successful book. How about Bongino?
So many. And they're all doing great. And that's what makes me happy. But the media doesn't talk about those books. No, they talk about the bad ones, of which there are plenty. They're lies, but they're plenty.
But Admiral Jackson, his reputation was attacked. And all of those horrible things that were said about him turned out to be lies and they turned out to be false. Remember? People don't want to say that.
In the last election, Washington Democrats put Jon Tester in charge of electing extreme liberals. I mean, I'm talking about serious liberals, many of whom you're watching attacking Judge Kavanaugh and looking like fools, frankly. Looking like fools. And one of them will most likely be a candidate to run against your favorite of all time president, me. Me.
But when I see the anger in their eyes, when I see the anger of what they say, to an intellect far greater than theirs, not even a contest, but I see the anger and the hatred, what's -- what are they doing? What are they doing? They're losing by doing it. They're losing by doing it.
I just want to finish off, though. What Tester did to Admiral Jackson should never, ever be allowed. Ronny Jackson is a great man. Ronny Jackson has led a great and beautiful life. And to have lies told about him, I would never repeat what they are. See, in my case, they repeat them. I say don't repeat them, they're terrible. They say, no, we're going to deny them. Do we love Sean Hannity, by the way? Right?
I love him. But here's the only thing. He puts up all these losers that say horrible things. I've got to talk to him. One after another. Donald Trump, he's lost it up here. And it's pretty tough. I stand up here giving speeches for an hour-and-a-half, many times without notes. And then they say he's lost it. And yet we have 25,000 people showing up to speeches. And by the way, look at all the fake news back there. 
Donald Trump. They go Donald trump. You know, it's really funny. Donald Trump's lost it.
So I beat 17 great Republicans, I beat senators, I beat governors, a couple of people, great people, like Ben Carson. I beat a lot of great people. Ben Carson was tough. But I beat 17 great people. And I respectfully say, I beat the Bush dynasty. OK? That felt good. Pretty recently. OK. Now I have the privilege of going against crooked Hillary Clinton. 
So I beat -- I beat crooked Hillary.
I beat crooked Hillary. And the Electoral College is hard. It's, frankly, if we didn't know better, and maybe we're starting to find things out that we didn't know, it's hard and harder to win than popular vote. Popular vote, you go to three, four states, and boom, boom, boom, you win the -- it's like the hundred yard dash versus running the mile. You practice differently.
She forgot that. She forgot to go to a couple of very important states. Gee, I don't think I'm going to go to Michigan too much. I don't think I'm going to go, she said, to Wisconsin. I do hear her husband said, you know, you better go to Michigan, you better start going to Wisconsin. Well, fortunately, she didn't listen to that.
But -- but think of it. So I beat the Republicans, governors, senators. I beat the Bush dynasty. Respectfully. I beat Hillary, who stole it from Bernie. Bernie should have won, but that's OK. They stole it. Superdelegates. How do you like superdelegates? But she's got superdelegates that were handed to her.
Bernie should be angry. Why isn't he angry? Crazy Bernie. He is so crazy. But, you know what, I saw him the other day on television. And he's ranting and raving. He's sitting behind a microphone, "I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this, blah, blah, blah," the hair's flying, he's going crazy. He's going crazy.
And I said to my wife, "Honey, look at that guy. You got to hand it to him." No, you've got to hand it to him. He doesn't quit. He doesn't give up. I just don't understand why he allowed that to happen, and he goes back into being an independent. But now he's coming back in, and I guess he's going to run. He's going to run. But think of it. So you beat two dynasties, you beat all these politicians. Charles Krauthammer, when I announced that I was going to run...
...he said, why would he run? This is the -- well, he didn't know me, so I'm not insulted. He said, this is the finest field of Republicans ever assembled. I actually did -- I looked at my wife, I said, you know, that's his business. He just said these are the finest ever assembled. Why am I doing this? And then I said, ah, that's OK, I'll do it anyway. Let's see what happens. Let's see what happens.
So I beat all these senators, all these governors, all these brilliant political minds. Then I beat the other side. And then I listened. Is he competent? I think I'm pretty competent, right? Don't you think so?
Is he competent? And their ratings are down the tubes. You know why? Because people get it. They really get it. But it is funny to hear that you have all these victories -- and, you know what, more important than those victories, we're winning in the United States now. We're winning on trade. We're winning with our military. We're knocking the hell out of the terrorists. We're winning now in the United States.
You look at what's going on. We have new deals being made. We have a deal we just made with Mexico. That's a fair deal. It's not that horrendous deal that was made years ago that should have been changed years ago.
We're negotiating with Canada. We'll see what happens. We're in a little bit of a skirmish, but doing really well with China. You see what's going on. Really well.
I have great respect for President Xi of China. But honestly, we have to be treated fairly. Last year, we had a trade deficit of anywhere from $375 billion -- with a B dollars -- to, I say, $504 billion. Either one is not acceptable.
So we're doing that. And it's working out very well. I just came on stage, and I was told that Kim Jong Un said some terrific things about me. He said I have faith in President Trump.
Think of this. You don't hear that from them. And just moments ago, they put on -- they put on that he said very strongly that we want to denuclearize North Korea during President Trump's tenure. That's a nice -- he just said it. Just said it.
But in the meantime, even if he didn't, even if he didn't, we got our hostages back. There's been no more missile testing. There's been no more rockets flying over Japan. There's been no more nuclear testing. And we have a good feeling. He likes me, I like him. Who knows what's going to happen?
But I can tell you what, the day before I took office -- and even, I must say, because as you know, the rhetoric was fairly tough -- it's interesting. With him, I had very tough rhetoric. And the fake news was saying it's too tough, he's going to get us into the war. It's terrible, he's being too tough. It's horrible. What does he know about this? He knows nothing. I watched all of these guys who have been losing for 30 years explaining why my method of negotiation wasn't working. Right?
And I'll tell you what, I respect him, and he respects me. And I think something is going to happen. Take your time. I say, we -- take your time. Sanctions are on. But think of it. We got back our hostages. I didn't pay $1.8 billion. We got back our hostages. Paid nothing. We paid nothing.
But it's funny, you know, because other than NATO, because I got them to pay billions and billions of dollars more, because we're paying for NATO. We're paying this massive percentage of cost. We're protecting Europe. But I got them to pay billions of dollars more, and the fake news said he wasn't respectful to the leaders of other countries. And they're right, in a way, because I said, listen, folks, I'm sorry, you're going to have to pay up. You got to pay up. You're delinquent. You know, in real estate, we say you're delinquent.
And somebody asked me, it's really amazing they never covered this, because if they do, they would have said this is terrible. One of the leaders in front of the other 28 nations, one of the leaders -- who I get along with -- they respect us now, because they couldn't believe -- for years, NATO spending was going like this. By the way, this is spending to protect them against Russia. You know, they keep talking about Russia. We're protecting -- I got them to pay billions of dollars more. OK?
But they said, sir, could we ask you one question? It's always nice when a president or a prime minister calls me sir. That means he has a certain respect. He said, if you don't walk away from these meetings with us paying what we're supposed to be paying or much more, will you leave us? I said yes, I will. And they all said...
And they all said we'll pay. We'll pay. Now, the mainstream media doesn't want me to say that. They want me to say no, no, sir, we'll never leave you. But then there's no reason for them to pay, right? Why would they pay?
Supposing they asked me the same question. Sir -- and we're talking about billions -- and last year, Secretary Stoltenberg, Secretary General, head of NATO, he goes -- he's like my biggest fan. And I like him, too. But he goes around saying, last year -- that was when I just did a -- because, you know, I was only in office for about 14 seconds, so I couldn't -- you know, I didn't want to use too much bravado. You know much they paid extra? Forty-four billion dollars. That was last year.
This year, it's much higher, because now I feel comfortable. I asked him in a more firm manner. And they're paying, and they should pay. But they were saying that I didn't treat them well. If I would've done what they said, or if I would have done what these consultants and these people that I watch on television, we used to do this stuff, they all failed. They failed miserably.
So we have our own way. It's a great way. But it's really interesting, because when I was dealing with North Korea, and they were saying, "He's too tough, he's too tough." One of my best meetings ever was with Vladimir Putin. And they said, "He was too nice. He was too nice." They wanted me to have a boxing match on this stage.
We had a great meeting. We talked about Ukraine. We talked about Syria. We talked about the protection of Israel. We talked about so many great things. But they came back, and they said, "It was terrible." I said, what was terrible? We had a great meeting.
And, you know, when I came off stage, they all said that was a great meeting. Thank you, that was a great news -- then I got onto the plane and they said, sir, I don't think they liked it. I said they liked it, they're just fake. They're fake news. We had a great meeting. It was a great meeting. 
And, you know, the funny thing? If I was tough, if I were to say you're never going to do this again, there will be no more of this and no more of that, and stood him in the face and then started boxing, you know what would've happened? They would have said, he's too tough, that was a disgrace to our nation. The truth is, with these people, you can't win, but we're winning. I'm president. You're president. We're winning.
So everybody knows Jon Tester's game. He says one thing in Montana, but does the exact opposite in Washington. That's what happens. He will come home and tell you about your Second Amendment, then he'll vote for something where you knock the hell out of it. Jon Tester talks like he's from Montana, but he votes like he's Nancy Pelosi. That's what he does. He's a Nancy... 
No, look at his -- look at his voting. It's the same voting as Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, and the legendary Maxine. Jon Tester voted no on tax cuts. And he voted for the Obamacare disaster, which we almost repealed and replaced, but we'll get it done. And remember this. Remember this. We got rid of the most unpopular element of Obamacare, right? The individual mandate.
We got rid of the individual mandate. That was the most unpopular single -- that is where you have the right to pay a fortune for the privilege of not having to pay a fortune for bad health care. Right? It's incredible.
But we got rid of it. We'll get rid of all of it. And, you know, one thing I have to say, also, Obamacare was going up 115 percent, 125 percent, 80 percent, 60 percent, 53 percent, all different places. It was going up massively. You know, we want to repeal and replace it, and if we get enough Republicans, we will, and we'll have a much better health care -- we've already come up with some of them, association care, et cetera.
But -- but to do it, and we will do it, we had it, we had it done, we had it done. But remember, Tester voted no. He voted no on Kate's Law. Kate's Law. What could be better than Kate's Law? 
He voted no on enhanced vetting for refugees. Let's not vet them. Let's just let them pour right into Montana. And you see what's going on.  And Jon Tester voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities. Tell me that. 
So that's not a person from Montana. I have a lot of friends in Montana. I don't get -- I mean, I don't get it. How did he get elected? How did he get elected? Jon Tester voted for very liberal Obama judges 99 percent of the time. And yet he would make it impossible for an incredible, distinguished admiral, doctor not to get in. Figure that one.
And yet super liberal judges, many of whom are mocked and scorned, and Jon Tester voted against our incredible Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch. How do you do that? 
How do you do that? First in his class at Harvard. First in his class at Oxford. And he decides, I think I'll vote no. And by the way, Justice Gorsuch is great and he's doing a fantastic job. And Justin Kavanaugh will do the same job.
It's embarrassing to watch those people make fools of themselves as they scream and shout at this great gentleman. This election, you aren't just voting for a candidate. You're voting for which party controls Congress, very important thing. Very important thing.
I don't even bring it up, because I view it as something that, you know, they like to use the impeach word. Impeach Trump. Maxine Waters, "We will impeach him." But he didn't do anything wrong. It doesn't matter, we will impeach him. We will impeach. But I say, how do you impeach somebody that's doing a great job that hasn't done anything wrong? Our economy is good. How do you do it? How do you do it? How do you do it? We will impeach him. But he's doing a great job. Doesn't matter. Remember that line. He's doing a great job. That doesn't matter, we'll impeach him.
It is a hell of a place in Washington. You know, I was thinking, if that happened, every time a Republican or a Democrat opposite got elected president, so let's say a Democrat gets elected someday -- hopefully it's a long time. 
But let's say a Democrat gets elected. And let's say we have a Republican House. We will impeach that Democrat, right? And then a Republican. We won by a lot. We won by a hell of a margin. That's a lot of -- that's a lot. That Electoral College, we won by a lot.
OK, so we're in there. We've got the best employment numbers in our history. We've got the best economy in our history. You look at the numbers in every category, it's great. We're doing a great job. We're putting on phenomenal judges. And you take that, and you do, then what? You're going to have -- you'll have a country that's going to turn into a third world country.
Because if the opposite party becomes president, every time before it even starts, before you've even found out whether or not he or she is going to do a great job, they'll say, "We want to impeach him," and you'll impeach him. It's so ridiculous.
But we'll worry about that if it ever happens. But if it does happen, it's your fault, because you didn't go out to vote. OK? You didn't go out to vote. You didn't go out to vote. That's the only way it could happen. I'll be the only president in history -- they'll say what a job he's done. By the way, we're impeaching him.
Today's Democrat Party is held hostage by haters, absolute haters, left-wing haters, angry mobs, deep state radicals, and their fake news allies. Those people are the best. They're the best allies. 
I mean, you look at the Washington Post or the New York Times, I can never get a good story. I mean, you look at this horrible thing that took place today, it's really -- is it subversion? Is it treason? It's a horrible thing. Even -- you know the good thing about that? Even liberals that hate me say that's terrible what they did. And it is really terrible.
You know, when I won the election, the New York Times, all their subscribers were leaving, and when I'm ultimately no longer president, and hopefully about six-and-a-half years from now...
...the New York Times will go out of business. All of them will be out of business. CNN will be out of business. They're almost out of business now, if you look at their ratings  out of business.
But they'll be out of business. But the New York Times, you remember, it's very famous. Nobody's ever seen it before, maybe never done before. They apologized for their bad coverage of me. They apologized to their subscribers, because after I won, everybody said, what the hell happened? What happened? We're reading this piece of garbage and the guy that they kill every day, he won.
So they wrote -- does anybody remember -- there was a very big story -- they wrote an apology to their subscribers to stop the flow of people leaving and giving up their subscription to the New York Times. And it was quite amazing to watch. And, you know, honestly, for two weeks, they really covered me well.
And then it began. And then it got worse and worse and worse. And now we've reached an all-time level. The level of hatred is quite creepy, but that's OK.
On the way over here, I saw a liberal pundit. He was filled with anger. And he was attacking me and our great administration. We have great people. I'll tell you, the White House is really working good. They had -- my wife put out a tweet today. Did you see that she put -- she used to do this. She put out a tweet.
They had me stomping around screaming with anger up in my area of the White House where I live with my wife and son, Barron. They had me screaming, shouting like a lunatic. And I had a television. I said, what are they saying? I had six people in my office. I was in the Oval Office. We're having a talk on trade. Actually, it happened to be trade with Canada. They were telling me what's happening. And they said, sir, you're not up there screaming and ranting and raving. You're here talking. That's how dishonest it's become.
But I asked a young, bright staffer of mine, why are they so filled with this much hatred? Why? Our country is thriving. Jobs are booming. Prosperity is strong. And the future has never looked brighter for the USA. And the young aide looked at me and he said, Mr. President, these liberal pundits, the haters, but they're so angry because you've upset their entire way of life. It's true.
But I said, but -- but let's get this straight. So the country is really doing well. And he looked at me and he said something that maybe is true. I find it hard to believe. He said, sir, they just don't care. It's really pretty sad, right?
You know, when you look at what's happening, with all of it, including our military rebuilding, we're rebuilding, and everything that we're building is being made right here, the best missiles in the world, the best planes in the world, the best ships in the world.
It's all being made right here in the United States. The so-called resistance is angry because their horrible ideas have been rejected by the American people, and it's driving them crazy. Crazy. They're the ones, honestly, that have been driven crazy.
The latest act of resistance is the op-ed published in the failing New York Times by an anonymous -- really an anonymous, gutless coward. You just look. He was -- nobody knows who the hell he is, or she, although they put he, but probably that's a little disguise. That means it's she.
But for the sake of our national security, the New York Times should publish his name at once. I think their reporters should go and investigate who it is. That would actually be a good scoop.
That would be a good scoop. Unelected deep state operatives who defy the voters to push their own secret agendas are truly a threat to democracy itself. And I was so heartened when I looked -- I think it's backfired. Seriously. People that don't exactly dig us and they don't exactly like me, they're fighting for us. It's an incredible -- it's actually a beautiful thing. We picked up a lot of support, because at some point this whole thing is going to be exposed. And it's really bad, and it's really dangerous, and it's really sad for the media and the mainstream media. It really is sad.
When I told you about the good news coming out of Korea today, they will hardly even report it. If this were President Obama, that would be the biggest story in the history of our country. But it's going to be sooner or later -- it will be exposed. The policies of our political opponents have brought about only failure, destruction, and humiliation to our country. Look at what happened. Look at where we were, and look at where we are.
And we have tremendous potential upward -- and other countries, by the way, are not doing well at all. And had I not won, we would have been in negative -- we wouldn't be at 4.2%. We would have been in negative numbers. We were going down. We were low, and we were headed down. We freed up this country with the regulations and the tax cuts. We freed up our country, and it's great to watch.
But if you don't elect Matt, I will tell you, they can change it very quickly. They said -- Nancy Pelosi said yesterday she wants to raise your taxes. 
I mean, OK, tell me, is raising your taxes like supposed to be a popular thing to do? Because what's going on, they have been driven so far left, I don't know why they don't talk about red waves. I mean, historically, the person that's president, when you have the party having the president, they don't do well in midterms, but nobody's ever had, ever, an economy like we have. Nobody's ever had this economy. So hopefully you're going to remember it.
They robbed our middle class while spending trillions of dollars on adventures overseas. And we're pulling way back, but we still -- we're so respected now. You can pull back a little bit, but we're so respected. They're not playing games with us anymore, folks. They're not playing games.
I don't -- I don't want to tempt them too much by telling you things that don't happen anymore to us, because there's no reason for me to tell you, but when you see some of the things that happened four years ago and six years ago and eight years ago, you take a look at what happened and you take a look at what happens now, where we took that horrible Iran deal and we terminated it, and you look at what's going on.
We're respected again as a nation. We're respected again as a nation. But these people enriched themselves while shipping our jobs to other countries. And they oversaw the greatest transfer of wealth in the history of the world. It's true. This is the greatest treasure.
NAFTA was such a bad deal. Some people said, oh, please, would you extend NAFTA? I said we have to renegotiate it. It's such a bad deal. And when I was campaigning, I said we'll either terminate it or renegotiate it. I don't care. But so far, it looks like it could happen where we'll renegotiate it.
But these disastrous policies were on the ballot box in 2016, and they lost, and they lost big. That's why we're here. In 2016, the American people voted to reject this corrupt globalism. They voted to reclaim their independence and their pride. And they voted most importantly to make America great again. It's very simple.
Soon we'll be changing it to keep America great. Keep America great. Soon. When should we do that, by the way? OK, wait a minute. Soon we're going to have to change, because we are doing well. So when do we change make America great again to keep America great? I don't know.
Soon. Soon. We're draining the swamp. And the swamp is fighting back. But don't worry. We will win. We will win. We always win. We always win. This November, you need to vote Republican. Vote for Matt Rosendale and vote to put America first. Have to do it. Have to do that.
Republicans stand for stopping illegal immigration, fixing horrible trade deals, cutting your taxes in a major, major way, biggest tax cut in the history of our country. And in addition to that, we've got ANWR. You know what that is, right, in Alaska? They've been trying to get that approved for 50 years. We got it approved. It's part of that plan.
We'll be defending your Social Security, which the Democrats will destroy, and we're going to be defending your Medicare and protecting the safety net for truly needy Americans, people that need help, that are Americans, not for people that come into our country illegally.
Democrats want to raise your taxes. They want to raise them. I don't get it. I don't think I could win if I said I'm going to raise your -- ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to raise your taxes. Oh, good. Alice, I don't we're voting for that guy. They want to raise your taxes. I don't know. Maybe they know something I don't know. Blue wave? We're going to raise your taxes. We're going to let crime go all throughout our country. We're going to get rid of ICE, so that as the crime comes in, we're going to have none of our people that are so tough -- these are great people, but these are tough, strong -- these are -- these are warriors. These are warriors.
I don't want to do it, you don't want to do it. I'm looking at these people in the front row, two of whom I know. They don't want to do it. ICE doesn't, like, hey, let's like -- let's go out to dinner. They have done an incredible job.
So they want to raise your taxes, they want to open your borders, they want crime to pour in, because that's what's going to happen when you open your borders. How about the governor, the governorship of California? He just announced that he wants to open borders and he wants to let anybody come in that wants to. And then he wants to pay for all medical, for all school.
What happens, I said, if the entire world decides to go to California, because they get free health care, free medical care, and free education? California has just increased in size to 500 million people. California has just become one really large person. California -- think of it. He says, I want to open the border, I want everyone to come in, at the same time for illegal aliens and illegal immigrants. Lot of different names. He wants to get rid of us.
He wants to cut down on law enforcement. And he wants to pay for their medical, their health care, and their education. But I really asked -- look, it's all about common sense, right? I think I won because of common sense. And because...
...like you, like you, you, me, we're smart, we're really smart. But I said to myself, just common sense, everyone is going to come in. I may even move to California to get free health care. 
I may move there. The last time Democrats were in power, they cut Medicare by more than $700 billion to pay for the scandalous Obamacare. Now Democrats want to steal trillions of dollars from Medicare. They're going to ruin your Medicare. Watch. They want to turn America into Venezuela. I don't think so. 
Democrats would destroy Medicare with Medicare for all -- you heard that -- Medicare for all, until they run out of money, which would be like in the third day. 
And then it would be Medicare for none, or it will be one-tenth Medicare what you used to get. They want to rob our seniors of their Medicare benefits, and they want to raid your Social Security. They will destroy your Social Security. And I'm going to save your Social Security. We're not touching your Social Security. Do you remember when I ran?
Do you remember when I ran? I said I'm not touching Social Security. Everybody said -- well -- and everybody else wanted to do things with Social Security. I said, we're not touching your Social Security. All right? I didn't touch your Social Security. Remember what I said? Growth. Growth will take care of it. Growth. And that's what's happening.
We are growing beyond what anybody expected, beyond what those people thought was possible. We're growing. It's called growth. A lot of money is coming in.
Democrats also want open borders. And all of that equals massive costs. Massive. And massive crime and massive tears. Tears. You look at the families that have been so badly hurt. Republicans want strong borders. We want to finish the wall. We're up to $3.2 billion. We've done a lot of work on the wall. A lot of people don't understand that. But that's OK. Got to finish the wall.
We'll get that approved. We're going to get it approved. Just move it along. I'd like to do it. I could do that whole thing in one year, but these guys are holding back. The only thing Democrats are good for is obstruction and resisting. Their whole campaign is resist, resist. I don't get it.
We're going to have no crime. We want to protect America's great people and its great citizens. We want to protect American benefits, and we're doing that, and I've done it. In Maryland, the Democrat candidate for governor wants to give illegal aliens free college tuition, courtesy of the American taxpayer. 
Come on in, free college. In Florida, the Democrat nominee for governor wants to abolish ICE and release hundreds of criminals onto our streets. He wants to also take care of their Medicare and every other thing you can take care of. You name it, he wants to take care of it. And Florida will be a disaster. Florida is one of the most successful states in our union. It will be a disaster.
You have a great candidate in Florida. It's called the Republican candidate, Ron DeSantis. Ron for governor. This election is a choice between Democrats who want to abolish ICE and Republicans who want to abolish MS-13. It's very simple.
People have no idea how bad they are. Nancy Pelosi got extremely angry at me when she started yelling. "They're human beings, don't talk to them like that. Don't call them animals."
Remember, she said don't call them animals. Then you see what they do and how they do it and the viciousness of it. No, I'm sorry, Nancy. I'm very sorry. Hate to tell you, Nancy. You're going up the wrong tree, Nancy. Republicans stand proudly with the brave men and women of ICE, with Border Patrol, and with our law enforcement.
Every single day, ICE is tracking down drug dealers, child predators, gang members, and vicious killers, and we're either throwing them the hell in jail or getting them the hell out of our country, and we're doing it fast.
This election is about safety. This election is about jobs. It's safety and it's jobs. Thanks to Republican leadership, our economy is booming like never before in our history. Think of it, in our history. Nobody knew this was going to happen.
If I would have said this on the campaign trail, if I would have used 4.2%, you saw it was adjusted upward from 4.1%, 4.2% GDP, the press would have gone after me, they would have said impossible. Jobless claims just fell to a 50-year low. Fifty years. We've created over 4 million new jobs since the election and lifted almost 4 million Americans off of food stamps. Think of that.
Not only is it good for them, our country saves a tremendous amount of money. But it's good for them. They have jobs.
We've added over 400,000 new manufacturing jobs that the Democrats say are gone and that number is going to very shortly, with what's happening in certain areas, be well over 600,000 manufacturing jobs.
Something that makes me very happy, it makes a lot of my friends very happy, African-American unemployment recently achieved the lowest -- think of this -- the lowest -- lowest ever recorded in the history of our country.
Remember I said, what do you have to lose? Go with me. What do you have to lose? So good. We're going to have a tremendous African-American support, because they say and they see -- you know, before I said what do you have to lose, now I say, see? Look what's going on. The lowest unemployment in the history of our country. Hispanic-American and Asian-American unemployment have also reached their lowest rates in the history of our country. History.
Youth unemployment has just reached its lowest rate in nearly half a century. Unemployment for Americans -- this is so important -- without a high school diploma has reached the lowest level ever recorded. Think of that. Women's unemployment recently reached its lowest rate in nearly 65 years. We've added 100,000 jobs building pipelines and supporting the production of oil and natural gas. We've added something great to our portfolio by increasing exports of clean, beautiful coal by over 60 percent. Sixty percent.
And Montana knows something about coal. Think of that. Over 60 percent. We've freed it up. It's a great natural resource for us. Clean -- I call it clean, beautiful coal. What they can do with coal today. In the first eight months of 2018, Montana coal production increased by 2.5 million tons. That's a lot. That's a lot.
Right? To continue this incredible momentum, we need to elect more Republicans like Matt Rosendale. You've got to do it. Because it can be turned off -- it can be turned off so quickly.
Last week, we made another truly historic announcement. We're replacing NAFTA with a beautiful new brand, because it's a much different deal. It will be called the U.S.-Mexico trade deal.
One on one. And hopefully Canada will come into that deal, and if they don't, that will be fine, and if they do, that will be fine. Either way, we can live. We'll be very happy. I think they will, because we love Canada. We do love Canada. They've treated us pretty badly in trade for the last 40 years, but that's OK, it wasn't my fault. We're going to make a fair deal with Canada, just like we did with Mexico.
We're cracking down on unfair trade practices emanating from China. America is tired of getting ripped off. We're going to get a great deal for our farmers and ranchers and factory workers. We're giving our workers and businesses a level playing field. Republicans passed the biggest package of tax cuts and, very importantly, tax reforms.
The average Montana family of four will take home $2,281 extra this year, and many will take home much more than that. And our tax cut saves family farms and ranchers and small businesses from unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax.
So now you leave -- ah, have a beautiful farm, husband, a wife, and you love your kids. By the way, if you don't love your kids, don't leave it to them. Don't worry about it. Then this won't help too much.
But you want to leave it to your kids. You'd like your kids to take over the farm. But you couldn't do it, because they had to borrow a fortune in order to work it out. We got rid of that tax. That's a big deal. It's a big, big deal.
So you can leave your small business or your farm or your ranch and they won't have to go into a big bank and say, gee, gee-whiz, wouldn't it be great if we could borrow some money? By the way, Dodd-Frank, little thing, I fixed it. Dodd-Frank has been changed.
We're canceling Obama's illegal anti-coal so-called clean power plan. Sounds so beautiful. Right? You know what that means. You know, when I did it, I said, man, this is a tough one. It sounds so nice, clean power plan. There's only one problem. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. It will put our country out of business. It took away our greatest natural resources. We couldn't do anything with them. It was such a pretty term. Clean power plan is out of business now. We're going to have clean power, but it's not going to be under the clean power plan. And we're strongly protecting our public lands for hunters and fishermen and everyone who loves the outdoors, like my son, Don, who comes here a lot.
My son comes here a lot. You know that. A lot of you know my son Don. He comes here. He loves hunting. We passed veterans choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor if he has to wait on line for the rest of his life.
And we also passed the landmark V.A. Accountability Act. They've been trying to pass both of them for more than 45 years. I got them both passed.
And with accountability now if a bad government worker abuses one of our great veterans, and we love our veterans, we turn to them and we say, you're fired, folks.
We secured a record $700 billion for our military this year and $716 billion next year for our military. And at my direction, the Pentagon is working hard to create a sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, the Space Force.
So important. So -- people don't know. I mean, we're not just talking about going up to the Moon, going up to Mars. We're talking about, you need it. Now you need it. You look at Russia. You look at China and you look at what's going on, what they're doing. We need -- we'll be the best in the world very shortly in space. I withdrew the United States from the horrible Iran deal, and I also recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
Big deal. That was a big deal. And the embassy is already built. It's built about 20 years ahead of budget and schedule. I would say we're probably about 20 years -- you know that story, I'm not going to tell it -- but we built it real fast. We have the best location.
They're all looking for a location. And a friend of mine, the ambassador to Israel, said, oh, but we already have the best piece of land in all of Israel. Best piece of land in Jerusalem. And we have a building on it. Let's renovate it. So instead of spending $1.2 billion, we spent $400,000. That was a sale.
And instead of opening it in 10 to 20 or 30 years or maybe never, we opened it about four months later. It's been open for a long time already. A lot of people working there.
So we have the embassy already open. Do I get credit for saving a billion bucks? Not really. Someday. Someday. You know, when Abraham Lincoln made the Gettysburg Address speech, the great speech, do you know he was ridiculed? He was ridiculed.
He took the horse and carriage up from the White House, he wrote it partially in that carriage and partially at a desk in the Lincoln Bedroom, which is incredible, by the way, in the White House. And he went up to Gettysburg, and he delivered that speech, the Gettysburg Address. And he was excoriated by the fake news. They had fake news then. He was excoriated.
They said it was a terrible, terrible speech. They said it was far too short. It's not long. Many of us know it by memory. It was far too short, and it was far too flowery. It was too flowery, four score and seven years ago, right? Too flowery. And he died. Fifty years after his death, they said it may have been the greatest speech ever made in America.
Pretty good. Pretty good. I have a feeling that's going to happen with us. In different ways, that's going to happen with us.
For years, you watched as your leaders apologized to other countries for America. They apologized. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. So sorry. Now you have a president who's standing up for our country and standing up for you. Look at the size of that guy. Look. Look at this guy. Do I like him? Wow.
We're not going to mess with him tonight, I tell you. Thank you man. That's great. That's really great. Thank you very much. We're standing up for your values. We're standing up for Montana. And we're standing up for our national anthem and our flag.
But if Democrats get back into power, they will try to reverse all of our incredible gains, gains like nobody thought possible. So this November, you need to get your friends, get your family, get your coworkers, and get out and vote Republican. Get out and vote for Matt Rosendale. He's going to be a great senator, and he'll always vote for what we want. He will always vote for America first, to make America great again. Matt will always be voting for us. It won't just be talk.
Loyal citizens like you helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country. Sometimes not so easily, but it's happening, and it's happening fast. We're returning power back to where it belongs, back to the American people.
Our American ancestors braved the oceans, tamed the wilderness, won a revolution, and fought to victory in two world wars. We defeated fascism, triumphed over communism, and we delivered millions into freedom. Our ancestors built the railroads, linked the highways, and they proudly planted an American flag on the face of the moon, which is not shown in that movie.
They did not show that in the movie. See, what they're missing is that that movie would have been a much bigger success if they planted the flag like they were supposed to. We stand on the shoulders of generations of American patriots who knew how to work, knew how to fight, and knew how to win.
Just like them, we're going to keep on fighting, and we're going to keep on winning. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never, ever back down, and we will always fight on to victory. We're going to have victory. Got to keep it going. Because we are America. And our hearts bleed red, white, and blue.
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation, under God. And together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again -- it already happened -- we will make America safe again, and above all, we will make America great again. Thank you very much, Montana. Thank you.
Evansville, you are very, very special people, and thank you, Indiana. Thank you. Thank you. We had great success in Indiana, as you know. It was an incredible experience. And we really honor you very, very special people. Thank you very much. Thank you.
And I know you well. You love our country. You're proud of our history. And you always respect our great American flag. 
This is a really incredible time for your country. This is a truly amazing period of time. We have the best economy in the history of our country. Factories are reopening. Jobs are pouring back into the United States. We are putting your great Indiana coal miners and steelworkers back to work.
We're reclaiming our nation's proud manufacturing heritage and putting tariffs on foreign producers who cheat our workers and cheat our companies. Not fair. Not fair. 
As President McKinley once said a long time ago, we believe in American work for American workers, American wages for American laborers, and American homes for American citizens.
Just this week, we made another truly historic announcement. We are replacing NAFTA with a beautiful, brand-new U.S.-Mexico trade deal.
And as we speak, Canada -- and we love Canada, right? But they have to get rid of those barriers and they have to get rid of those big tariffs. Canada showed up at the White House. Where the hell did she come from? 
And now tomorrow -- that's one person. And now tomorrow you're going to read headlines, "Trump had protesters all over the place." One person. One person.
Major protests. But are they going to talk about the thousands and thousands of people inside of this arena and outside of the arena, where we put screens? No.
Because things are happening. Let me tell you just really quickly about something that did happen. So last week, you probably saw it, because it gets ratings, they put it on television, right? If it didn't get ratings, they wouldn't be putting it on.
But last week, you saw it, I was in the great state of West Virginia. We were in a fantastic arena, beautiful, smaller than this, but a very great place. We had crowds that were incredible. And the enthusiasm, I hate to tell you, the enthusiasm that you have tonight, in West Virginia, it was exactly the same. Can't get any more, right?
And the failing New York Times, which, by the way, if I wasn't here, those -- they would be out of business, the Washington Post, the New York Times, CNN. 
So a writer for the New York Times that pretends she knows what she's talking about -- hasn't got a clue -- and I'm telling you, the enthusiasm was the same. The place was packed. She made the statement that President Trump was disappointed to see some empty chairs. Yeah, they were going to the bathroom, maybe. 
And -- and -- and, listen -- and he was so disappointed at the tone in the room. We left this thing -- that was amazing. These are just dishonest, terrible people. I'm telling you that. Terrible people.  Not all of them. Honestly, not all of them. I'd say 85 percent. 
So we made a great deal with Mexico. And as you know, Canada didn't want to do what we have to have done. And after the deal was made with Mexico, Canada came along, and they're negotiating right now at the White House, at our territory.
And it could happen. We'll see what happens. And if it doesn't happen, we'll put tariffs on the cars coming in from Canada, and that'll be even better. So...
But I think it's going to happen. And we've really developed a very good relationship. Look, we love Canada. But they have to treat us fairly. They haven't treated us fairly. Right?
I'll give you an example with Canada. Dairy products, they put tariffs on our dairy products going into Canada, almost 300 percent. We can't have that. Can't have that. 
And a lot of other barriers where we can't sell. So we'll open it up or we'll be -- frankly, maybe even better. Either way, it's going to work beautifully, OK? That I promise. Because I'll tell you what, this country is tired of being ripped off by other countries.
Tired of it. And we're doing some great deals with other countries, also. You've been reading about it. And they're getting done one by one. And if they don't get done, we come out almost better. So that's the way it is.
But we're thrilled to be joined tonight by many of your state's great Republican leaders. And I have to say, I have to say, a man who followed a very hard act, our great vice president, Mike Pence.
But a man who followed my -- that's a hard act, because Mike did a great job as your governor and he's doing a great job for us now in Washington. And you have a governor, Eric Holcomb, who is doing a fantastic job. Fantastic.
Thank you very much, Eric. Thank you. Great job. And, Mrs. Holcomb, thank you very much. It's a great team. Great team.
People that have really helped me in Washington -- you know, we did a lot of things, including cutting your taxes, the biggest tax decrease ever.
Congressman Larry Bucshon and Congressman Todd Rokita, thank you. Thank you, Larry and Todd. Thank you. Also, a very special Indiana cheer, Kyle Hupfer. Kyle, thank you. Great job. Kyle -- how are we doing in Indiana, Kyle? They're going to beat Joe Donnelly.
Going to beat Joe Donnelly. You're going to beat Joe Donnelly. You have to, because we need the votes. We need the votes. You're not going to get -- Joe is not going to vote for us on anything. He's maybe going to vote for a great judge right now.
But before we talk about that, I want to bring a person up to the stage who's really done an incredible job. He went through a primary with a couple of real pros. And I have to say, they have been so fantastic. You did so well. So well. And we appreciate it, man. You know what I'm talking about. You know. Incredible.
Incredible. But he went through, he did great, people loved him. He's been a very, very successful businessman, which is really what our country needs. I mean, a lot of this is business, and it's common sense.
And I just saw a poll just a little while ago, a real poll -- you know, they have fake polls. They do suppression polls. You know what a fake poll is. It's called a suppression. They make you think you can't win, so you go to see a movie. Don't go to see a movie. Remember me? They said, I don't know, it's going to be impossible for Donald Trump to get 270. We can't envision it.
It's impossible. Remember the lines from NBC? Which is probably worse than CNN. But the word is they're firing the head of NBC. What a great thing to do. How smart. That's what the word. Who knows? With these people, you never know.
But, by the way, take a look, Todd, everybody, Governor, look how many cameras you have back there. Is this -- like the Academy Awards. Look at it. 
They can't get enough. But when I start screaming fake news, you see those red lights go off for a little while. You know, excuse me, we have technical difficulties, OK, then they go back. Right? Look at this. 
You know, in the studio, you hear, they go, listen, he's about ready to go. Look, ladies and gentlemen, we have technical difficulties, we'll be back in just about -- then he goes back. OK, we're back, here we go, keep going.
Oh, what they have to put up with. You know, it's not that easy for them, either. It's tough to have a network where you're calling them fake news and they're supposed to be proud. That just shows when you get good ratings, you can say anything. Right? That's what happens. Get good ratings.
Finally, I just want to get Mike Braun up here, because he has been special. He's a special man. And he is going to be a truly great senator. Mike, please.
He'll be a great senator. A vote for Mike Braun is a vote to -- did you ever hear this before -- make America great again? And you know our new slogan that we'll be switching to because we're way ahead of schedule as to make America great again, right? It's called keep America great, exclamation point. Keep America great.
That's what's happening. We're so far ahead of schedule. People come up to me all the time and they go, "Thank you, Mr. President." Just backstage right now. People. "Thank you, Mr. President, for saving our country. Our country was in serious trouble."
And when you hear them trying to take credit for what we, you, me, all of us together, what we've done, if we didn't come along, you would have had, instead of 4.2%, you know, it was raised yesterday from 4.1%...
You would have been in negative numbers. The country was choking with regulations, choking with high taxes. You would have been in negative numbers. And that's what was happening. You would have seen some real mess.
And what we've done, all together, because this is one of the great revolutions -- you can call it a revolution, if you like -- that's ever taken place in our country. And we want to keep it going. A vote for Mike's opponent, sleepy Joe, is a vote for Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi...  And who else? Maxine Waters. 
You know, I gave Mike, a little while ago, something that I saw -- but he's seen it -- the Indianapolis Star did a story, and I guess it's a poll of some kind. Joe Donnelly rated least effective Democrat in Senate in a new study.
It says, who is the least effective Democrat in the United States Senate? Senator Joe Donnelly, according to the Center for Effective Lawmaking, who said the Democrat from Indiana was the worst. According to the center, Donnelly introduced two bills in the 114th Congress for 2015-2016 that received some kind of action in committee, the fewest among his 44 Democratic colleagues, and neither of them advanced to the floor for a vote. 
Now, this wasn't an anomaly, it says. The center just said this, this wasn't just a one-time, one-year, unusual thing or anomaly. It ranked Donnelly 55 out of 57. Oh, I see. He did much better. Among Democrats in the 113th Congress.
So I have to tell you that, if that's what you want representing Indiana, you can have it. You can have it. 
You can -- I mean, hey -- Joe Donnelly voted no on tax cuts. He voted no on Obamacare. We had Obamacare done, if he would have raised his hand, repeal and replace. He voted no on repeal and replace of Obamacare. But we did get rid of the individual mandate, and we brought it down, and it's going. It's leaving fast. It's leaving fast.
Joe Donnelly voted against enhanced vetting for refugees. Let them come in. Open up those borders. Open them up. 
He says open up those borders, let them in. He voted against stopping illegal immigrants from getting welfare. And Donnelly repeated voting for amnesty. He wants amnesty. Donnelly also voted for liberal Obama judges who want to take away your Second Amendment and lots of other things. 
We need to elect senators who will vote for judges who follow our laws of our Constitution as written. Like Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, who's doing a great job, and Judge Brett Kavanaugh, who we're trying to get through right now.
In this election, you aren't just voting for a candidate. You're voting for which party controls Congress. Very, very big vote. It's very close. People say we have the majority. By how much? Like, by almost nothing. Somebody has a cold, we no longer have the majority. We need Republicans in Congress.
Today's Democrat Party is held hostage by left-wing haters, angry mobs, deep state radicals, establishment cronies, and their fake news allies. 
Our biggest obstacle and their greatest ally actually is the media. You can believe it. We've got stories that are so big and the media doesn't pick them up. We have stories that if that was about a Republican or a conservative, it'd be front page of every newspaper. And we have them and they just don't want to write them. It's a dishonest group of people, I will tell you that. 
You can have the biggest story about Hillary Clinton -- I mean, look at what she's getting away with. But let's see if she gets away with it. Let's see. 
All I can say is, our Justice Department and our FBI -- at the top of each, because inside, they have incredible people -- but our Justice Department and our FBI have to start doing their job right and doing it right and doing it now.
Because people are angry. People are angry. What's happening is a disgrace. And at some point -- I wanted to stay out. But at some point, if it doesn't straighten out properly -- I want them to do their job -- I will get involved, and I'll get in there, if I have to.
Disgraceful. And the whole world is watching. And the whole world gets it. And the whole world understands exactly what's going on.
The Democrats, they call themselves the resistance. That's what they're good at, resisting and obstructing. They are obstructionists. Every day, they are resisting the will of the American people and trying to undermine the verdict of our democracy, delivered so strongly in 2016, like never before delivered.
The most remarkable thing about the modern Democrat Party is how truly undemocratic they really have become, right?
The so-called resistance is mad because their ideas have been rejected by the American people. And we're really -- we're getting rid of those bad ideas one by one, so fast. And it is driving them crazy.
They're the old and corrupt, globalist, ruling class that squandered trillions of dollars on foreign adventures. They don't want to build the wall here, although we've started, but it's not easy. But they'll build walls in other countries. They'll create borders in other lands so far away. But over here, let everybody pour in and we don't worry about the crime. It's a disgrace. 
They've made the worst trade deals in the history of the world, and who enriched themselves while presiding over the destruction of American jobs, American companies, and American wealth? It was the greatest transfer of wealth in the history of the world. What we did to our companies and to our jobs, we should be ashamed of our leadership, but not this leadership. Because we're bringing them back.
When we pledged to work over corruption in Washington, these are the people we're talking about. So in this election, we can't let up. We're going to -- and it's happening fast. We're going to drain the swamp.
We've replaced failed Democrat lawmakers with America first Republicans. And it's happening. We want people like Mike Braun. Republicans stand for stopping illegal immigration...
...fixing bad, horrible, obsolete trade deals, unleashing American energy, cutting taxes, supporting our militaries and our great vets, our great, great vets... 
Republicans stand for protecting Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid and strengthening the safety net for truly needy Americans, not for illegal aliens and people that come into our country to take advantage of us.
Democrats want to raise your taxes. We want to lower your taxes. By the way, that doesn't sound like a great campaign theme, "We're going got raise your taxes. We're going to fire ICE." I don't think that works too well. They want to raise your taxes.
We want to take away your regulations. They want to increase your regulations. They want to weaken our military. They don't want to give us -- we're always fighting money. We want money for our military. They want money for things that you wouldn't believe. They want to shut down your coal mines.  That's not happening. By the way, you're up, like, 60 percent. You're doing all right.
I've had such an incredible experience with the miners. And just a little while ago, backstage, there were nine -- of the nine -- now, these were tough guys. These are really -- these are seriously tough cookies. In fact, I looked at them and I said I wouldn't want to fight these guys. 
But of the nine, eight of them were crying. And I looked at the ninth, crying out of happiness, because they're back. I looked at the ninth guy, I said, what's wrong with you? Why aren't you crying? "I don't cry, sir." I said, that's OK.  That's OK. Eight out of nine were crying with happiness. And they want to raid Medicare to pay for socialism. 
Somehow, I don't see Indiana being the next Venezuela, I just don't see it, right? We don't see it. That's what would happen, too. At the center of this election is the issue of border security, so important. We've now started the wall in San Diego, and we're doing another ninety. It's like pulling teeth to get the money from these Democrats.
We got $1.6 billion, then we just got another $1.6 billion. Now we're asking for a lot more. We can do that thing so quickly. But they really want -- I mean, honestly, they want -- even though, in 2006, almost all of them voted in favor of, essentially, a wall, OK? Now they think it's politically expedient to anything Trump wants, please go against. Please.
Because they are not liking my poll numbers even a little bit. And within the Republican Party -- I have to say this, because this is very cool -- within the Republican Party, the highest poll numbers -- I think it's -- well, they have 90 percent, they have 92 percent, and they have 93 percent. The highest poll numbers ever. Ever. Is that crazy?
I actually asked them, I said, did they do polling when Honest Abe Lincoln was around? You know what? Nobody's been able to give me that answer, but I'm assuming they did, OK? So we can say we're beating Honest Abe.
Democrats want to open borders, which really equals allowing into our country massive amounts of crime. Republicans want strong borders, we want no crime, we want great law enforcement. And by the way, we love our law enforcement.
If you want to summarize the difference between Democrats and Republicans, just remember this. Democrats want to abolish ICE. Where did this come from? 
By the way, do you have any idea what ICE does? I don't think anybody in this room, unless they're really tough, and I know a couple of people right here are probably tough enough. I don't think so, though, actually. I know them too well. Actually, I know their weaknesses, so I think they're not.
But these are people that go into a nest of MS-13. They call it a nest. That's where it is. It's a nest. These are evil people in there. These -- this is a group of gang members -- I can't say "animals" anymore because Nancy Pelosi got very angry when I called them animals. I called them animals. She went crazy. I can't do it.
I can't call them animals. Even though they have guns, but they don't like using guns because it's not painful enough. They want to slice people up, young girls walking home from school, 16 years old. And they slice  they died. They died. Their parents are incredible people. I met their parents. Devastated.
And the reason was because it was more painful. And then I call them animals, and Nancy Pelosi gets upset because I'm talking about "human beings." They don't get it. They don't get it. 
So we want to abolish MS-13. They want to abolish ICE. And I have to tell you about MS-13. You know, we have towns in Long Island -- I grew up in that area generally -- I know every one of those towns. They were always great. They were safe. You'd leave your door open at night. You never locked your door. You leave your windows open, no problem.
Now they're infested with MS-13. But we're getting them the hell out so fast. Don't worry about it. They're -- they're going. We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job. And we have really no laws to work with. We have really no laws to work with. The laws are horrible. Laws are the worst and dumbest in the history of the world. Again, between the trade deals, world, and our immigration horrible laws in the world, but we're getting them out.
But you know what? ICE, we call ICE, and they go into those towns, and they grab those guys by the neck and they throw them into those paddy wagons. They couldn't care less. And you don't want to do it. And you don't want to do it.
But we have some really bad people that were allowed into this country under President Obama and others. And we're getting them the hell out. 
And, you know, these towns that I know so well, we get ICE out there, and the people are standing at their windows cheering. They're like clapping for ICE. They're clapping because these are brave people, they're good people, too, good heart. But they're tough. They're tough. They're strong and they're tough.
And ICE is afraid of them. You know why? Because they're much tougher than ICE. And that's what happens to work. I hate to say it. So they get out -- and you know the sad thing -- it's sad, actually -- it's like the towns are being liberated, like it's a war. And you're getting finally the enemy out of our country. The towns are being liberated from this scum. Amazing.
Amazing. So the Democrats want to abolish ICE, and the Republicans want to cherish ICE. And I can tell you that. And I think everybody in this room respects and really admires Border Patrol, ICE, all of our law enforcement, everybody. Not an easy job.
Not an easy job. A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to erase our borders and leave innocent Americans at the mercy of hardened criminals. That's what will happen. We need strong law and order.
A vote for Republicans is a vote to support the brave heroes of ICE, Border Patrol, law enforcement, and all of the other groups that work with us.
Every day, ICE, which is being so badly treated -- that's why -- I'll sometimes go more and more in favor of talking about ICE, because what the Democrats are doing to the morale of these brave people is incredible. It's incredible. And you know what? If they didn't have them, they'd be calling up begging, saying, where is the -- we need ICE. We need somebody to help. This election is about safety. And this election is about jobs.
And the beauty of the jobs, people that were stock in one job, didn't like it, they've now got six different alternatives. They go here. They get one that they like. And they're making more money. Wages are going up. Nobody thought this was going to happen. Excuse me, you ready? 3.8 percent. Isn't that nice? Nobody thought that was going to happen.
Thanks to Republican leadership, our economy is booming like never before. It's never been like this. Economic growth last quarter hit a number that nobody thought possible. This number was one, less than one, and going down to negative, negative territory.
We've created nearly 4 million new jobs since the election and lifted almost 4 million Americans off of food stamps. We've added almost 500,000 new manufacturing jobs since election, 500,000.
And if I would have come here -- and I did come to Indiana a lot -- and you know who I brought with me? Who did I bring? The great Bobby Knight.
What a coach. You know that story with Bobby, right? A year before I was going to run, Bobby Knight called. And they say, sir, do you know a Bobby Knight? I said, you mean the coach? This is before I ran. And I said, you're talking about the coach? My secretary, great person, said, yes, sir, I think he said he was a coach.
I pick up. I said hello. He goes, "Trump, this is Bobby Knight, and you got to run for president. Our country needs you." And I said that's Bobby Knight. That's Bobby Knight. Right? That's Bobby Knight.
After the first word, I knew it was Bobby Knight. And he said, you got to run. I said, well, you know, Bobby, first of all, I respect you a lot and I really love winners and you are a winner. And the job you did -- great guy. He's also a great guy. Big heart. He doesn't want people to know that, but he's actually got a very big heart. He'd be devastated if I said that he has a big -- but he does. He has a big heart.
But I said, you know, Bobby, I haven't decided to run. But if I do, could you give me your number? I'll take it, and I'll call you. So an amazing thing happened. So I write down his number. It was a cell. I wrote it down, and I put -- I have a stack of papers on my desk in New York. I haven't been there -- I haven't been to that office because I don't care about any of that stuff anymore. I only care about doing what's good for us. I couldn't care less. It's true.
They won't tell you that, but it's true. So I take this number, and I put it on my desk, and I put it in the middle of a stack of papers. I just -- you know, it's like sort of a file, some of you people might have some -- it's like a file of things you may need someday but probably not. And then when you go through them about three years later, 95 percent of it, you throw out, right?
But I had two big stacks -- you'll see pictures of me in the office, you'll see these massive stacks. I just have them. And now I say, I'm going to run. And we did great. We were on center stage of every single debate, right? Every single debate.
Center stage means we were never in second place. And if we were, they would let you know about it tomorrow morning.  We were never in second. I was center stage on every -- well, however many debates.
Anyway, I'm doing well. We won New York. We won this one. We won that one. We won New Hampshire. Wow, New Hampshire was so great. We won South Carolina. We won North Carolina. We won everything, right? And then they said -- even though we were so far -- in all fairness, I have to say this, we were really so far ahead that I think that even Indiana wasn't going to have too much of an effect, but I want to win Indiana.
So a friend of mine, he's from Indiana, great guy. I said, how am I doing in Indiana? He says great. I said, good. I said, what can I do to ensure it? Well, if you could get, like, Bobby Knight to endorse you, that would end Indiana.
I said, you know, it's funny that you mention that, but he called me a year ago wanting me to run. He said the country needs it. And I said -- and I put his number right here. I was at my desk. I put this number right here. And true. True. I bet you I have 2,000 pages of stuff, more. And I said -- I put it right here. And I lifted up the stack, like in the middle, I lifted it up, and there's a little card that says Bobby Knight with a number. It was the weirdest thing.
Right? Crazy. I said, here's his number. The guy actually looked at me, and he goes, that's amazing. And I dialed in front of him. I dialed the number.
And Bobby Knight didn't even ask who was on the phone. I guess he sees New York and he sees maybe Trump Organization or -- he goes, I've been waiting for you to call. 
Right? And I'll tell you what. Bobby Knight -- was anybody here the night I traveled in with Bobby Knight when we -- right?
I never saw anything like that in my life. We were in this massive arena. We walked in, and I introduced Bobby Knight. And I'm telling you, the people of Indiana, they went crazy. That thing never stopped. That was incredible.
And, Bobby Knight, and I called him -- and I said, you know, I thought about you today, because I'm going to Indiana, and I don't need you to come from where you are. I just wanted to say hello to Bobby Knight, because he was special, and he worked hard on our campaign. And he was very happy to get that call. Bobby Knight. Right?
We love winners. We love winners. Winners are winners. Bobby, Jack Nicklaus, Tiger. How about Tiger, the comeback he's -- right? Tiger. Did you say the fake news tried to fake out Tiger? They didn't do too well. Tiger's sharp.
No, we love winners. We love winners. Our country is becoming a winner, and our country is respected again. You see that.
We've created not millions, not billions, but trillions of dollars of wealth in just a short time since our election. Trillions.
And we're the talk of the world. I'll tell you, every foreign leader who comes to see me, almost, they walk in and they start off, Mr. President, congratulations on the incredible success you're having with your economy. Congratulations. Everything. Almost everyone.
And something I am very proud of, African-American unemployment recently achieved the lowest rate ever recorded in the history of our country.
And we're fighting every day for African-Americans, for more jobs, for higher wages, for safer communities, for great schools, and we want school choice. We got to have. We're fighting hard. It's going to make a big difference. But African-Americans, the lowest unemployment in history.
Hispanic Americans and Asian-Americans, the unemployment have recently reached their lowest rates in the history of our country.
And I remember and you remember when I used to go -- and I'd go to a big arena like this, bigger. This is a pretty big one, I must say. Oh, by the way, if they write tomorrow, "The enthusiasm in the room was wanting," you know, they're like, "wanting." See, you have to understand, I have a better education than they do from a much better school, but -- the elite. They're the elite. They're the elite.
I went to better schools, I went to better everything. And by the way, by the way, are you ready for this? And I'm president, and they're not.
But it's us. It's us. It's a movement. It's a movement like this country -- and probably the world -- but like this country has ever seen. That's a big statement. But I make that statement -- I don't get corrected. And they would correct me in two seconds. I don't get -- this is a movement like this country has never seen before. I'll give you an example. If crooked Hillary Clinton had won... 
... and she came to Indiana to have a rally for the opponent, who was rated the worst in the Senate, of Mike Braun, if you had 500 people -- seriously, if you had -- they won't tell you this -- but we don't have -- we have an election coming up. We don't have a presidential election coming up. You don't get big crowds.
If crooked Hillary came here, if she had 300 to 500 people -- first of all, she wouldn't be in this building. She'd be in a hotel conference room. It would be a conference room, right?
It would be a conference. And I'm not saying -- I'm just saying. I'm not saying it's -- I'm just saying, something incredible is happening with our country to have this. Something incredible.
Youth unemployment has just reached its lowest rate in nearly 50 years. That's a biggie. Unemployment -- this is so important -- unemployment for Americans without high school diplomas has reached the lowest rate ever recorded. Isn't that beautiful? Isn't that beautiful?
And prisoners, all right, prisoners were having a tremendously tough time from the beginning, because employers didn't want to hire them. And now the greatest thing we have is an incredible economy, where employers need people. And for the first time ever, really -- and we have a lot of great programs to help -- for the first time ever, employers are hiring prisoners. They're getting a second and, in some cases, a third chance.
And I have a friend who hired prisoners. I said, whoa, that's great. And he said, you wouldn't believe how great they are. They're better than my other people.
Now, he's got a couple of cases where he's not so happy, and that's the end of that. That's fine. But he said, these are incredible people. And I guarantee you, they're a lot of them in here for 25, 30 years. These are incredible people. They're getting a second chance, in a couple of cases, he told me, it was the third chance.
But it's unfair. They get out of prison, they made a mistake, they get out of prison, and nobody hires them, and they end up going back. They have -- I mean, they can't live, they can't eat, they can't anything. Now they get that second chance.
Can I tell you what? We're working hard on that in my administration, and that's one of the things we're really happy about. Really happy. Incredible to watch. And they're doing a great job.
All right, women. This is not good. So African-American historic, Asian-American, Hispanic American, all historic, right? Sorry, women, I let you down again. Women's unemployment rate recently reached only the lowest rate in 65 years. I let you down, I'm sorry.
What can I do? But I predict -- 65 years for women. Most of the rest are historic. The women -- I promise you, I think, I better say I think, within three or four weeks, you'll also be at historic levels, I think, 65 years. We'll say, 65 years is not good enough.
A big one that just came out, consumer confidence in our country is at an 18-year high. Isn't that beautiful? Big thing.
And a brand-new poll just shows that 85 percent of blue-collar workers -- I love blue-collar workers...
I actually like them better than white-collar workers, but probably I won't say it too loud. I love our blue-collar workers, and so do our white-collar workers.
But our blue-collar workers believe their lives are headed in the right direction, and the poll numbers are massive. We've increased exports of clean, beautiful coal, one of our great resources, that they wanted to close up by -- listen to this, by 60 percent in just this little short period of time, six-oh.
And thanks to our very strong trade policies where we don't allow other nations to rip us off and take advantage of us any longer. And if they do, we put tariffs on their products coming in. Sorry, folks. Steel Dynamics announced a $75 million investment in Columbia City and a $400 million investment in Terre Haute. And U.S. Steel announced a $750 million investment in Gary, Indiana.
U.S. Steel. And U.S. Steel is opening up at least seven plants, and they're going to be spending billions of dollars building new stuff. I'll tell you what, steel. We were dead. It was over. Now we're going to be using our mines, we're going to be using -- we're opening up -- we're like -- it's the hottest thing that's happening. Our steel industry -- because we're not allowing dumping. And if somebody wants to dump, like if China is going to dump or other countries are going to dump steel to hurt our companies and our workers, they're paying 25 percent tariffs on the stuff that they dump. Now they won't dump so much.
We're building a new steel industry. And it's an amazing thing to watch. Because America's winning again. And America is being respected again.
I'm proud to say that I was asked to help because they weren't getting any help. It wasn't going to happen with the previous administration. And we're bringing back the Summer Olympics in 2028, and we're bringing the World Cup in 2026 back to our nation.
Those are just the little things. By the way, the Olympics, the World Cup -- I mean, the big stuff, you know what that is. We passed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. Indiana families are saving $5 billion on their taxes this year alone, $5 billion.
And I tell the people, the typical American family of four earning $75,000 will take home $2,000 at least extra this year, and many will take home really much more than that. A lot.
And one that people love because they said it would be impossible to do, our tax bill saves small businesses and family farms, ranches, and all of the other things associated with -- if you died, you pay a big tax and your children lose it. We have gotten rid of the estate tax, also known as the death tax.
Very important for this area, we are canceling President Obama's illegal anti-coal so-called clean power plan.
You know, there's an example. It's such a beautiful name, clean power. Clean power, right? They want to have windmills all over the place, right? When the wind doesn't blow, what do we do? Uh, we got problems. When there's thousands of birds laying at the base of the windmill, what do we do? Isn't that amazing? The environmentalists, "We like windmills." Oh, really? What about the thousands of birds they're killing? Try going to the bottom of a windmill someday. It's not a pretty picture.
But, really, when the wind doesn't blow, you got problems. If your house is staring at a windmill, not good. When you hear that noise going round and round and round, and you're living with it, and then you go crazy after a couple of years, not good. And the environmentalists say, oh, isn't it wonderful?
We've ended the war on clean coal. We've also repealed the individual mandate. It's gone. Last month, the FDA approved more affordable generic drugs than at any time ever in the history of our country.
And thanks to our effort, many drug companies are freezing or reversing planned price increases. You remember two weeks ago, Pfizer -- and I take my hat off to them -- I like them -- they increased their prices substantially of drugs. And I got angry about it. I think it's probably the first time I realized what great power we have here. I got angry.
Novartis, same thing. They increased their prices. I'm decreasing the prices. I got really angry about it. And they announced the following day that they're no longer going to increase the prices of their drugs. And those prices are going to come down.
Because we've put mechanisms in work -- lots of different -- I won't bore you with the complications -- it's actually -- we had middlemen that were so rich they were making a fortune on drugs, prescription drugs. We're getting rid of all of that. Drug prices are coming down like they've never seen. Increases are stopping, like with Pfizer and Novartis. And we're stopping hospitals from overcharging low-income seniors for these same prescription drugs.
We passed veterans choice. Our veterans are the greatest. You know, when I got involved, I said, that's a bad situation going over with the vets. They're really being treated badly. These are, really, our greatest people, as far as I'm concerned. And...
The vets would wait online to see a doctor six days, nine days, 21 days, 34 days. Some of them would have a minor condition. By the time they saw the doctor, they were terminally ill. And I said, we're not going to let that happen.
And I came up with an idea that I thought was brilliant. I said, you know what, we have all these doctors, some of them really good, talented doctors, surrounding and in the neighborhoods closer than where the vets are trying to get taken care of. We're going to let the vets go and see those doctors, and we're going to pay their bill, right?
And I said -- I said, this is so brilliant. And then I presented it to Congress, and the Congress went, yes, sir, we've been trying to pass this bill 45 years. So this is common sense, wouldn't you think? The problem is, they couldn't get it passed. We got it passed. It's called veterans choice. The veterans have a choice. They can go here or they go out to see a doctor. We pay the bill.
We also passed a landmark -- and this was just as tough, believe it or not -- V.A. accountability law, where people that work at the V.A. are now held accountable, so now if a government worker abuses one of our great veterans, we turn to them and we very toughly say, sorry, you're fired.
True. Very tough things to get passed. I guess I'm good at getting things passed, but it was great. We had great help by the Republicans, by the Republicans in Congress. We had virtually no help by the Democrats.
Very importantly, my administration is also standing up for the free speech rights of all Americans. Free speech rights.
Look at social media. It's a thing called free speech rights. You look at Google, Facebook, Twitter, and other social media giants. And I've made it clear that we, as a country, cannot tolerate political censorship, blacklisting, and rigged search results. And you know, it can go the other way, also.
We will not let large corporations silence conservative voices. And it can, it can go the other way, too, someday. It can play little tricks with them. We're not going to let them control what we can and cannot see, read, and learn from. We can't do that. America is a free country, and we are going to stay always a free country.
We're defending American values and we're also defending our great American interests all over the world. We've secured a record $700 billion for our military this year and $716 billion, another record, next year. We're rebuilding our military bigger and better and stronger than ever before.
And on my direction, the Pentagon is working to create a sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces. It's called Space Force. So important. So important. I withdrew the United States from the horrible Iran nuclear deal.
And if you look at what's happening to Iran, they are not too happy. You know, when I came into office, Iran was like this big power, big power. And there was just a question of when are they going to take over the whole Middle East. They're going into Iraq. They're going into Syria. They're in Yemen. They were looking at the Mediterranean, far away. They were going to take it all over.
And I said, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to terminate this stupid deal made by the previous administration.
And I can tell you one thing. Iran is not looking at the Mediterranean any longer. And hopefully that will all work out between us and Iran. But they have to live by a certain set of rules. That was a terrible, terrible deal. Remember, they were given $150 billion. And then they were given $1.8 billion -- what does that look like -- in cash, $1.8 billion. Hard to believe. You remember that. I also recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
Because instead of apologizing for America, we are standing tall for America, the country that we love. We are standing up for the heroes who protect America. We are proudly standing up for our national anthem.
But if Democrats get back into power, they will try to reverse all of the incredible gains that we've made, including very substantially increasing your taxes. 
If you want more jobs, more safety, and more opportunity, then you need to get your friends, get your family, get your co-workers, and get out and vote Republican and vote over here for a great gentleman named Mike Braun.
You got to vote for Mike Braun. Local citizens. You love your state. You love your country. You're loyal. You helped build this country. Together, we're taking back our country, returning power to where it belongs. We're returning power to the American people. That's what we're doing.
From Bloomington to Madison and from South Bend to right here in beautiful Evansville, this great state was built by patriots and pioneers, mechanics and ministers and farmers and factory workers.
With American hands and American grit, your ancestors built a home for themselves and for their beautiful families. They were tough, and they were strong, and they were smart. They were proud Americans, and together they turned Indiana into a powerhouse of American people and American ingenuity.
What they've done in this great place. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury. But they love their families, they love their country, and they loved their God.
We stand on the shoulders of generations of American patriots who knew how to work, knew how to fight -- oh, do you know how to fight, fight, fight -- and you knew how to win. Just like them, we're going to keep on fighting, we're going to keep on winning, we are going to win for our nation, our children, our families, for our freedom.
We will never give up. We will never give in. We will never back down. And we will fight on to victory. We will only have victory, because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue.
We're going to win so much that you're going to be begging me, please, please, Mr. President, the people of Indiana cannot continue to win like this. We're not used to this. This is terrible. And you're going to ask your senator, Mike Braun, or your great governor, or maybe both of them together, please, please go see the president. We can't stand winning anymore.
And they're going to come see me in the Oval Office, and they're going to say, Mr. President, the people of Indiana have been winning too much under your leadership. Honestly, sir, they can't stand it anymore. And I'm going to look back at them, and I'm going to say, I don't give a damn what they want. We're going to keep on winning. Right?
We're going to keep on winning. We're one people. We're one family. We're one glorious nation under God, and together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you very much, Indiana. Thank you. Mike Braun. Thank you.
Wow, that is so beautiful. Thank you. What a great song, too, by the way. Do we like that song? I think so. I think so. I'd like to use it all the time, but it only seems to work well in West Virginia, right? So I am thrilled to be back with all of my friends in the great state of West Virginia. Thank you.
This was a big victory. We won by 42 points. That's pretty big, right? Forty-two points over a Democrat, right, over a Democrat. They didn't do too well.
And the people of West Virginia, they're loyal, they're hard-working, they're true American patriots. Remember that. They are great people. They're my friends. 
Thank you very much. I love you too -- guy. It's a guy, but I love you, too. You're proud of our country, you're proud of our history.
And unlike the NFL, you always honor and cherish our great American flag. It was just announced by ESPN that rather than defending our anthem, our beautiful, beautiful national anthem, and defending our flag, they've decided that they just won't broadcast when they play. We don't like that. So while the players are kneeling, some of them, not all of them at all, you're all proudly standing for our national anthem. Thank you.
The ESPN thing was terrible, just came out. Under our administration, America is winning again and America is being respected again all over the world. It's America First. This is the greatest economy that we've had in our history, the best.
Our steel mills are back. They're roaring back. We're making steel again. United States Steel announced a massive infusion of cash.
They're opening up seven different plants. Other steel companies all over the country, they're opening up plants. People said steel will never be back. Steel is back.
It's one of the hottest industries in our country because of what we've done with our tariffs. They were dumping steel all over our country. They were destroying our business. They're not dumping so much anymore.
And if they do, they're paying a lot. Our military will soon be stronger than it's ever been before. We're taking care of our amazing veterans. And I know this doesn't matter to you, but we are putting our great coal miners back to work.
Great people, great people, brave people, I don't know how the hell you do that. I'll tell you. You guys have a lot of courage but we love clean, beautiful, West Virginia coal. We love it, right? And you know that's indestructible stuff. In times of war, in times of conflict, you can blow up those windmills. They fall down real quick.
You can blow up those pipelines. They go like this and you're not going to fix them too fast. You can do a lot of things to those solar panels. But you know what? You can't hurt coal.
You can do whatever you want to coal, very important. And we are working now on a military plan that's got to be something very special. So I'm honored tonight to have a friend of mine. He was a Democrat. And I don't want to say because of me, let's say it's because of policy, he decided to become a Republican and he's a great Republican.
And I want to bring him up if I could. Can I bring up your governor? He is the largest, most beautiful man. Governor Big Jim Justice.
He's a big man. He's all man, 6 foot 11. I won't talk about the weight. I don't know. I don't know what the weight is. I won't go there, but he is a big man and he's a great man. He's a wonderful friend of mine. That is really nice what he just said about the man that you want to be your next senator.
That's really nice. Thank you very much, Jim. Also, we have your senator, who's a special friend of mine. She's been so helpful to me and so helpful to you, she loves your state, Shelley Moore Capito.
Congressman David McKinley, Alex Mooney, and Evan Jenkins. And Evan, you put up one hell of a fight. Thank you, Evan. Boy, you are something; and your state GOP chairwoman, Melody Potter.
Melody? Thank you. Thank you, Melody. Also with us is a tremendous senator, somebody that's helped us do our agenda, which is Make America Great Again pretty much, and we have a lot of different names. And you see Promises Made, Promises Kept.
They're copying it now, the Democrats. They're copying it now Promises Made, Promises Kept. They're copying it, but what are you going to do? But this is a man that really -- he makes a promise that it's 100% good. He's tremendous and done so much. He's from a place called Colorado, and he's helping to lead our campaign to elect more Senate Republicans like the man we're going to elect in West Virginia, Cory Gardner. Thank you, Cory.
Thank you, Cory, great job, doing a great job. Thank you. Then we're thrilled to be joined by the next House members from West Virginia's third congressional district, a woman that works very hard for you, Carol Miller. Carol? Thanks, Carol.
Finally, it's my great honor to introduce the person that we are here to support tonight, a tremendous gentleman. I got to know him during the campaign. He has got an energy. It took me a little while to figure it out. I have to be honest. And once I got to see what was happening -- and Evan would be the first to tell you too -- he was so tough, he was so smart, he didn't stop.
He does not stop, and he's going to fight for you like nobody's ever fought for the people of West Virginia, your next senator, Patrick Morrisey. Patrick, come up here. Come up here, Patrick. Come up here, Patrick.
He's got energy. He's got a lot of talent and he loves this place. He loves the people and he's going to be fighting for you. He doesn't sleep. He's out campaigning. I said how many days are you campaigning? Because I said the last 60 days of my campaign every single day, we'd go out every single day as many stops as you could make humanly. Humanly, he can't get tired.
He's got that same thing. He's not going to get tired. He's every single day and he's got a very special spark. You see it and you know him.
Look, you know him. He's done a hell of a job as your AG. And you got to get him with us. You got to get him with us.
He's going to bring it back home for the people of West Virginia. So this November, voters in West Virginia will face a very simple choice. A vote for Patrick Morrisey is truly a vote to make America great again. He's going to vote. And I like Joe, but Joe doesn't vote.
He just doesn't vote for us. It's a vote for Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, their new leader Maxine Waters. But between Waters and Pelosi, you have two people that are in charge of Congress. They're not in favor of West Virginia.
They don't know that West Virginia exists. They don't like coal. They don't like energy. 
And they don't like her. So when you cast your ballot for Congress in November, you aren't just voting for a candidate. You're voting for which party controls the House and which party controls the Senate, so all these Congress people. And I'll tell you, we have to get there.
We really have to get there. So I'm going to be going out as many days as I can and I'm allowed to. I have sort of a lid with all the Secret Service and all the fantastic people, but it sort of holds you back. Maybe sometimes I'll just make a few trips without them.
We'll do them quietly. But we're going to be out a lot. We're going to a lot of different states, and I'm coming back here before the election. And it's a very close election.
A lot of people don't realize there's a 6-point spread. Six points could be ended by this evening. He could be up by 12. You've seen what's been happening.
We've had a good record of endorsements. In Georgia, a man who was down 10. I endorsed him a short while before the election -- good man, for governor -- and he won 70 to 30. So I guess he picked up 45 or 50 points. In Ohio recently there was -- he was up and then he went down a little bit. We went there, and he won. You know that, Balderson, good man, Congressman Balderson now, he won.
We won eight out of nine special elections. Nobody talks about it. They don't talk about it. Eight out of nine special elections, and they don't want to talk about it.
And my record  and look, I don't want to brag about it, but man, do I have a good record of endorsement. In Florida, we have a great candidate, his name is Ron DeSantis. And he called me and asked whether or not I could endorse him, and I said let me check it out. And he was a 3.
This was a few months ago. He was a 3, and I gave him a nice shot and a nice little tweak, bing-bing, and he went from 3 to like 20-something. And then I gave him my full and total endorsement, and he's now leading by, like, 19 points. And that election is next week, leading in the primary.
He's a good man. And so many others. Staten Island, the Congressman Dan Donovan, he was down before the election. We endorsed him. I think he won by 24 points. So if we can do just -- all my life, I've heard endorsements don't mean anything. They said if you get an endorsement from Ronald Reagan -- we like Ronald Reagan -- it was a wonderful thing to have but it didn't move the needle.
And if you get an endorsement from a lot of people, it never really -- is that a correct statement? If you look, Cory, Shelley, if you get an endorsement, it was nice to have, but it didn't mean anything. These endorsements -- and I'm not saying it from my standpoint. They're going 20, 30, 40, 50 points. Fifty points, it's crazy.
And then you watch the news, will this endorsement mean anything? Let me tell you, it's going to mean a lot. And I mean a lot. And I don't care, I just wanna, we have to get senators in. We've got really no majority. We have -- if you really look at it, probably we could say 49-49, 51-49. We have some people that aren't able to vote. We have some people that are a little unreliable. They don't exactly like what I've done to their career.
They don't love what I've done, and that's OK. And I don't like what they've done either. But we need to elect five, six, or even seven more senators and I think we can do it. I think we can do it, and we have to start with Patrick Morrisey. He's going to be fantastic. If you vote for Joe Manchin or any other Democrat in November, you're voting for the party that wants to really destroy the coal industry. Patrick said it.
Joe endorsed Hillary 100%, and he got along with her even better after she came out with a statement that she wants to destroy coal and coal companies. That's a bad thing. The Democrats want to turn America into one big fat sanctuary city for criminal aliens. And honestly, they're more protective of aliens -- the criminal aliens than they are of the people.
They want to take away your Second Amendment. You see what's going on. I don't think you want your Second Amendment played with. They want to take over American health care and abuse our courts to rewrite our constitution.
And how do you like the judges that I've been appointing? Justice Kavanaugh, Justice Gorsuch, Supreme Court? There's no worse nightmare for West Virginia this November than Chuck Schumer running the Senate and Nancy Pelosi with Maxine Waters running the House. And that is why you must vote Republican. You gotta get out of the vote. They keep talking about a blue wave.
I don't see it. We have the greatest economy we've ever had. Joe Manchin always voted for Obama, and he voted to keep the disaster known as Obamacare. And I will tell you it is being chipped away.
We had it beaten, but one man, I'm sure nobody knows who I'm talking about, voted no, shockingly. To -- really surprising to a lot of people because he campaigned on repeal and replace -- but we've really knocked it out, including the individual mandate. We got rid of the most unpopular part of Obamacare, where you have the privilege of paying a fortune for not having to pay a fortune for really bad health care. OK, that's not too good. We got rid of it. A lot of people are very happy about that. That came along with the biggest tax cuts in our history.
And Joe Manchin voted no on the tax cuts. The last time I was here, I saw signs along the highway, Joe, you voted no on tax cuts and Joe, you voted no for our president. You voted no. And he's going to vote no.
I'm not knocking him, but Schumer's the boss and he may give us a vote on Justice Kavanaugh. He should. Everybody should. I mean, here's a guy -- is this Central Casting? This is what we want. This is a great, brilliant man.
But Joe's just not voting with us. He's voting against your tax cuts. He voted against repeal and replace. He votes against the things that we want, and he votes against the people of West Virginia. You can't do that.
Joe opposed the wall and he opposed the travel ban. And by the way, the wall right now, that wall is coming along. We're over $3 billion. It's moving along very nicely, very nicely. And if you think it's easy with these people, it's not easy.
It's not easy. We're getting the wall built. It's going up and we're getting it built. And we have a big number in right now. 
So Shelley and Cory you hear that, right?
So we have $3.2 billion. We're looking for $5 billion this year, and all of a sudden it's going to be finished and it's going to be very, very effective. You heard about it today with the illegal alien coming in very sadly from Mexico. And you saw what happened to that incredible, beautiful young woman.
Should have never happened. Illegally in our country. We've had a huge impact, but the laws are so bad. The immigration laws are such a disgrace.
We're getting them changed, but we have to get more Republicans, we have to get. This election is bigger than any one race. It's about whether we want to continue the amazing progress we've made for America or whether we want to surrender that progress to the forces of extremism and obstruction. Their little phrase that they like, resist, that's all they're good at.
They have no policy. They're not good politicians, but they're good at sticking together and resisting. I have almost 400 people that haven't been approved by their slow-walking. Do you know what's slow-walking? They're slow-walking them. We have almost 400 people in our administration, people that gave up their careers that have been waiting over a year to get approved and they're being slow-walked by the Democrats. It's never happened that way in the history of our country and it is a disgrace. It's a disgrace. The Democrat Party is held hostage by the so-called resistance, left-wing haters and angry mobs.
They're trying to tear down our institutions, disrespect our flag, demean our law enforcement, denigrate our history, and disparage our great country. And we're not going to let it happen. New York's Democrat Governor Andrew Cuomo even declared that America was never great. Oh, I see, OK. Tell that to our great soldiers at World War I, World War II, Korean War, so many others.
Tell them to the folks that sent a rocket up to the moon and our great astronauts. Tell them to all of the great medical research we've done in this country and he says America was never great. I would imagine that's career-threatening, right? I would imagine. How do you get away with that one? Did you hear? He was speaking to a room loaded up with socialists and probably others, probably others.
No not communists, but there could have been a couple of them, too. And he made the statement that America was never great and they would go, did you hear? They go, whoa,whoa. They couldn't even believe it. Now that's job-threatening.
His comments are an insult to the generations of brave Americans whose blood and sweat and tears built our magnificent country. So this November, you can either vote for the party that says America was never great -- that's going to be their theme now America was never great. Hey, let's do that. They copied mine, Promises Made, Promises Kept.
Let's give them a new theme, "America Was Never Great." That's the Democrats' new theme. Can we do that? Yes. We'll retheme their party. Or you can vote proudly for everything that we stand for. We're the greatest country in the world and we are now the greatest economy that we have ever had. We're the greatest economy in the world. 
We've gone up $10 trillion in value since my election. We've gone up $10 trillion, think of it, since the election. Was that a great election? Boy. Remember I was here just before the election and I brought a couple of guys into a room and I said, "Fellas, supposing we teach you a new skill, supposing we teach you like how to make little widgets or gidgets or gadgets." These are big, strong coal miners.
They said, "Sir, we want to dig coal." I said, "I agree with you." I agree, right? Remember that? Their grandfathers did it. Their fathers did it. That's incredible and it's really happening. We are back. The coal industry is back.
So when I came here originally, West Virginia, frankly, was down and out. It was not doing exactly well, one of the last. Do you know that a few months ago, it hit where West Virginia on a per capita basis is one of the most successful GDP states in our union? So we went from being down and out. You're one of the most successful in the union, very close to the top.
That is some big change. And I've had so many people, I was backstage and people are coming up to me, "Mr. President, thank you, sir, for saving our nation," because you understand what that means. We couldn't do anything. Had the other side won, they would have poured on more regulations, raised your taxes.
They would have done things that were so bad. You had a very low GDP. It was 1.2%, 1.2%. It was going down. It was going to be a negative. Last quarter, we just hit, as you all know, 4.1%.
Nobody thought that was possible. If -- I always said, if I would have ever said that shortly after winning we're going to hit 4.1%, those people back there would have said, "This guy, no good, fake news, fake news." How fake are they? Fake news and the Russian witch hunt? We got a whole big combination. Where is the collusion? You know, they're still looking for collusion. Where is the collusion? Find some collusion.
We want to find the collusion. At the beating heart of this election is border security. We have to have that, right? We have to have it. Iowa officials and so many other countries have been reporting numbers where they're having a lot of problems with people coming in.
People are coming in, but we're getting them out. We have MS-13 on the run. They poured in here with Obama. We have them on the run because we love the men and women of ICE. A blue wave in November means open borders, which means massive crime. A red wave means safety and strength. That's what it is.
The new platform of the Democrat Party is to abolish ICE. A vote for any Democrat in November is a vote to eliminate immigration enforcement, throw open our borders, and set loose vicious predators and violent criminals. They'll be all over our communities. They will be preying on our communities.
Yet while many Democrats are calling to abolish ICE, today our brave ICE officers successfully carried out a 14-year-old deportation order against a Nazi criminal who is living in New York, the last known Nazi officer living in the United States. They've been trying to get him out for decades. President Obama tried. They all tried.
We got him out, gone.He's gone. He's back in Germany. ICE officers are heroes who uphold our laws and they really do. They uphold our laws and they defend our communities like nobody you've ever seen.
And yes, they're tough, they're strong, they're smart, they have great heart, but they go into these communities loaded up with the kind of criminals you don't want to be dealing with. They walk in like it's another day in the office. They're tougher. They're stronger.
It's what these other people fear. And by the way, our ICE folks and our border patrol folks, they have no fear. The job they do is incredible. And by the way, while we're at it, law enforcement, these are great, great people and they're doing an incredible job, right? Every single day, ICE is tracking down gang members, drug dealers, predators, and killers, and we're either throwing them in jail or throwing them the hell out of our country.
If you want to save ICE, if you want to protect our border and our border patrol, if you want to stop this craziness of sanctuary cities, where criminals are protected -- take a look at Chicago, how about the mayor of Chicago? It's like a war zone. It's a great city. It's like a war zone. This is what those policies do.
Last week, 62 people were shot. Twelve died. This is like our country. There's no reason for this.
The Republican Party stands proudly with our courageous ICE officers and border patrol agents. And by the way, you know who wants the wall more than any of us? ICE and border patrol because they know that's going to be a big, big factor in stopping the drugs from coming in, the human traffickers, which is worse all over the world than at any time in the history of our world, human traffickers. Who would believe, and it's because of the internet. This election is about security and this election is also about jobs.
Wwe have produced. We have produced. Thanks to Republicans, our economy is booming like it has never boomed before. We've created another number that nobody would have believed if I said it during the campaign: 4 million new jobs since the election. Nobody would have believed it.
Almost 3.9 million Americans have been lifted off food stamps, think of that. They don't need them because they have a job. They're eating better now. They don't need food stamps, almost 4 million, think of it.
Last year in West Virginia, per capita income grew 40% faster than the national average, 40% congratulations. Congratulations. I told you last time I was here, you weren't so happy like you are now. We've added over 400,000 new manufacturing jobs nationwide. That number is soon going to exceed 600,000 and our opponent said there's no such thing as manufacturing jobs anymore, right? And I'd say, "Oh I see we're not going to make things any more." Think of it, we'll be close to 600,000 very soon.
We have companies pouring into our country. They're coming back. These are companies that left. They're coming back to Michigan.
They're coming back to West Virginia. They're coming back to Pennsylvania and Ohio. They're coming to Florida. They're coming back, not just opening.
They're coming back. They left and now they're coming back because they want to be where the action is and the action is in the United States of America. So the economic growth, as I said, when it hit 4.1%, everybody was like, "That's amazing," except me, because it's going to go much higher than that. When I finish these trade deals -- and the tariffs are very important -- these companies come in and I say to the European Union, very nice people, I say Jean-Claude, we'd like to negotiate a new trade agreement with the European Union.
We lost $151 billion over the last number of years per year. Does anyone know what a $151 billion per year is? And he very respectfully said, "Mr. President, but we are very happy with the deal." I said, "I'd be happy if I were you too. I'd be very happy." I said a second time, a third time, and a fourth time, but they were happy with the deal but we weren't happy because they have barriers up and because they have tariffs, all the things we don't have. You want to build a car and send it to Europe, how many Chevrolets are there in the middle of Berlin? Not too many, maybe one? I doubt it.
I don't think you could find the one. So there are barriers so I said, "Come on, let's go." And then he said, "No." I said, "Listen." And I said this to numerous countries, I mean, in all fairness, I don't want to single out anybody, but I said it. "Listen, here's what we're going to"  it's all about the cars. It's all about the cars, tremendously big industry. We're going to put a 25% tax on every car that comes from the European Union into the United States and that'll take our loss and trade deficit of $151 billion and it'll give us a surplus of $151 billion. That's a fairly dramatic swing and that'll take one little signature, Donald J.
Trump. And I got a call, "Mr. President, when can we meet? We'd like to see you." And they came, and very respectfully, we're working on a deal. But this is happening all over.
Wth China, I have great respect for President Xi, great respect, tremendous respect for China. But they have taken advantage of our country for decades. We have rebuilt China. We have rebuilt China. I used to talk about this. I didn't press it initially because I wanted them to help us with North Korea and they have, and they have, and we're doing well with North Korea. These guys, it's been what three months since I left? These guys say, "What's happening with North Korea?" Hey folks, they've been doing this stuff for 75 years.
Three months. What happened? I can tell you and I got along very well with Kim Jong-un. Really well. Good chemistry.
Obama was unable to do anything with North Korea and he considered it like -- just read the papers. You'll see what he considered it. So I've been three months. I have a very good relationship with Chairman Kim. We'll see what happens. Who knows? Can I be honest? Who knows? But I haven't taken off the sanctions.
We have massive sanctions, but I want to take them off quickly. But they've gotta get rid of the nukes. They've gotta get rid of the nukes. Gotta get rid of them.
But who knows what's going to happen? I mean, maybe it'll work out, but I think we've done a good job in a short period of time. You remember it started off extremely hostile. Remember they said, "He's going to get us into a war." They thought my rhetoric was too strong. You remember.
I won't say it because I don't want to insult Chairman Kim, but you remember, you remember. Elton John, I don't want to insult-- so I'm not going to mention it. But the fake news back there said, "He is going to get us into a war. He's crazy. This guy is crazy.
Our president is crazy." And then I went to meet the leaders  and the folks that run NATO, all the leaders of NATO and they weren't paying their bills. They were delinquent. In real estate -- I love real estate -- when somebody doesn't pay their rent, you say  Shelley, you say their delinquent. You gotta pay your rent.
And I met him last year and Stoltenberg, secretary general, great guy of NATO. He's my single biggest fan, bigger than any fan I have in the room. You know why? Because nobody was paying their bills. He was in charge of NATO. He couldn't get any money. But last year, I went a year ago, I said you're not paying your bills.
You gotta pay your bills. He picked up $44 billion. He told that to the press, they didn't report it. Forty-four billion.
And then I just left recently and we're going to pick up at least another close to $100 billion extra. I said to him, "You gotta pay your bills." The United States is paying close to 90% of the cost of protecting Europe, and I think that's wonderful. I said to Europe -- I said, "Folks, NATO's better for you than it is for us. Believe me." And what happened is they asked a question.
They have small countries, big countries, all of these countries were  we're supposed to protect them? I said, "Look, it's very simple. You gotta pay up. You gotta pay your bill." And somebody said, "Sir," there's the president of a country calling me sir. That shows respect.
I say, "Yes, Mr. President?" He said, "Would you leave us if we don't pay our bills?" Now they hated my answer I said, "Yes, I would have to consider it. You gotta pay your bill." They hated the answer. But if I said, "No, I won't leave you.
You don't have to pay your bills. I won't leave. I promise, will always protect you. You will always be protected.
Don't pay your bills." Then they're never going to pay their bills. So I said, "Yes, I will leave you if you don't pay your bills" and you could see those checkbooks coming out for billions of dollars. They pay their bills. And I think we'll pick up over the next short while over $100 billion.
And then they said the fake news, they said, "President Trump treated the NATO nation leaders" -- in brackets, I put brackets, who have been ripping us off -- treated the NATO leaders with tremendous contempt and disrespect. And I said, "No no, no. They disrespected our country because they weren't paying." Now they're paying. How about if we got into a conflict because a country was attacked and now we're in World War 3 and we're protecting a country that was attacked and didn't pay its bills? I'd feel so stupid.
We're protecting a country that wasn't paying its bills. So I got them to pay $100 billion. It's gonna be much more than that, but tremendous amounts of money, tremendous. They gotta pay up, they're paying up.
And then they made the statement that I showed great disrespect. But actually, I have a great relationship with all of those people, 28 people, all of them. We have a great relationship because now they respect us. They respect our country again.
They didn't respect our country. They didn't respect our country. They respect us again, and you see it with China. China was walking its way down.
I don't want them to go down, but they're down close to 30% in three months. I don't want that. I want them to do well. I want to be their friend. But we had to do things that we had to do.
When I came, we were heading in a certain direction that was going to allow China to be bigger than us in a very short period of time. That's not going to happen anymore. Not going to happen anymore. Good luck to them.
The long winding road, you know, the long winding road, and I have tremendous respect for China. I mean, the energy, the genius, it's incredible what they've done. And hopefully we're going to have a great relationship, but we can't do it. It's got to be a two-way street. We have only one-way streets, not only China, with everybody. It's a one-way street, our enemies, our friends, our allies. I mean, our allies treat us worse than our enemies. Believe it.
So it's all changing. And when we get those trade deals done properly -- and you know what bothers me? I have people coming to me some people in Congress, "Sir, can you get this deal done immediately?" I say, "It doesn't work that way. I don't want to go too fast. The deal is not going to be any good if we do that.
We gotta take time, it's got to gestate, right?" The word gestate, it's like when you're cooking the chicken, time, time, turkey for Thanksgiving. My mother would say, oh eight hours. I said, "Eight hours?" She made the greatest turkey I've ever had, takes time, takes time. So when they run and they say, "Oh, can you do NATO right now? Could we sign it next week?" I said, "Wait a minute. Look, I like Mexico.
I like the new leader. I think he's going to be terrific, little different than us." I think I'm doing better with him than with the capitalist. But he knows that Mexico needs the United States. They need the United States.
Canada charges us close to 300% tariffs for dairy products going into Canada, which is essentially saying we don't want your dairy products -- this is a wall. They have a wall in a different way. It's called an economic wall. I don't want that. I'd said, "Justin, I mean, I don't want to have too much fun with you, Justin. You can't do that." Justin Trudeau, nice guy, but they've taken advantage of us for so many years that we have to take our time.
But with that being said, we're doing very well. We're on our way with a good deal, a fair deal. I don't want a good deal, I want a fair deal for both of us, fair with Mexico. And you've heard me say it.
As an example, when China makes a car, they sell it into the United States. There's 2 1/2 percent tariff, of which they don't pay. So they paid nothing. Other than that, it's a wonderful deal.
When we make a car, we sell it into China, and there's a 25% tariff. And that's just the beginning, here's others. A man was driving down a street in China and he looked over and it was a Chevrolet, like Camaro, does that make sense? Is it a Camaro? I think it costs $39,000 or $40,000. He's in China. He's in Beijing and he shouts across -- they're stopped -- he then shouts across, "Tell me, how much did that car cost in China?" Guy looks, "$119,000." Now you understand that, right? It's all taxes and taxes and taxes. We can't do that anymore. Can't do it.
We are a country with unbelievable potential. We are a country that has been ripped off by everybody, and we're not going to be ripped off anymore. And if it takes me a little angst to tell senators and congressmen and all of the people that really do have your heart in the hands, in many cases -- sometimes I wonder where they're coming from with these suggestions -- but it's going to have to take that little period of time. With that being said, we're moving so fast, nobody could even believe it.
And every country wants to make a deal because we're like the big fat piggybank that everybody wants to rob, and we're not going to let them rob us anymore. Is that OK, West Virginia? We're not going to let them rob us anymore. Every day we're keeping our promises. We're canceling Obama's illegal anti-coal destroying regulations, the so-called Clean Power Plan. Doesn't that sound nice? Clean power.
You know, when I ended the Paris accord, what's a more beautiful name than the Paris accord? Let's call it the West Virginia accord -- maybe I would have signed it. But when I entered it, that was going to cost us hundreds of billions of dollars, hundreds of billions. And other countries, as an example, China didn't kick in until many years in the future. We kicked in immediately. Russia went back many years, which was not a clean time in terms of the environment because you know what? We all agree, we want a clean environment.
We want a strong, beautiful, clean environment. I want clean air. I want crystal clean water, and we've got it. We've got the cleanest country in the planet right now. There's nobody cleaner than us and it's getting better and better.
But I'm getting rid of some of these ridiculous rules and regulations, which are killing our companies, our states, and our jobs. Just today, we announced our new affordable clean energy proposal that will help our coal-fired power plants and save consumers, you, me, everybody, billions and billions of dollars. We've eliminated a record number of job-killing regulations, and Republicans have passed the biggest tax cuts and reform. The reform is very important.
But you know what I've said, I don't want to talk about reform because nobody knows what it means. That could be a tax increase. I said, "How come it's been Ronald Reagan since you got the last big tax cut?" And they looked at me and said, "We don't know." And a lot of the great senators and the congressmen came up to see me and they had the 2018 tax reform. I said, "What the hell does that mean? Are you going to raise taxes?" Then I found out this is what they've done for 40 years, tax reform. I said, "Nobody knows what it means." And we do have reform in there, great reform. But they said nobody knows -- I said, "Nobody knows what it means.
Here it is. I want to put it down, tax cuts." They said, "What would be your favorite name Mr. President?" I said, "The tax cut, cut, cut, cut bill." And we almost did it. We almost did it but in all fairness in this case congressmen, a couple of them thought it was a little bit tacky. So we call it the Tax Cut and Jobs Bill. But you know what? We have done great reform.
But it's the biggest tax cut in the history of our country, and you people are benefiting by it. You're benefiting. And companies are benefiting, and those companies are the ones that are providing all of the jobs. We're setting records on jobs. We're protecting, also so important for West Virginia and a lot of states, we are protecting again religious liberty and we're also standing up to social media censorship. That's the new thing.
That's the new thing. I'd rather have fake news like CNN. I would rather have fake news  it's true -- than have anybody, including liberals, socialists, anything, than have anybody stopped and censored. You gotta live -- we gotta live with it.
We gotta get used to it. We're going to live with fake news. There's too many sources.Every one of us is sort of like a newspaper. You have Twitter, you have whatever you have, Facebook, but everyone, you can't have censorship.
You can't pick one person and say, "Well, we don't like what he's been saying. He's out." So we'll live with fake news. I mean, I hate to say it, but we have no choice because that's by far the better alternative. We can't have people saying censorship because you know what? It can turn it around. It can be them next. It can be them next. We believe in the right of Americans to speak their minds. We repeal the core of Obamacare. I told you, individual mandate -- because we want to give critically ill patients. We have to give them access. We have to give health care to people. We want the right to try. Do you know what the right to try is? They've been trying to get this for 40 years. They couldn't get it.
A person is terminally ill, they're terminally ill. They're really sick. And I know people, if they have money, they travel all over the world to try and find a cure. If they don't have money, they die. They die.
We have the greatest scientists in the world, that's why China and so many other people, they're trying to -- countries they're trying to steal our technology. We can't let them happen. But we have so many people that want to be able to give -- it's like hope, right to try. I love the name. It's a right to try. They never had it before.
So a person is terminally ill and we have a great new drug, but it's going to take another two, three years to have it approved. OK, maybe longer. But the tests are really looking good. And this person is very sick.
And this person is going to be dead in 90 days and we couldn't get that drug for that person no matter who you were. And I said, "Wait a minute what's the story with this?" Now, there were a lot of complications because the insurance companies had problems, the medical companies had  everybody. A lot of people didn't want them in the stats, horrible things. But I said, "Well, what's going on? We're going to take the right to try and we went through with the help of Cory, with the help of your great, wonderful -- you are a coal lover, aren't you, huh, Shelley? But with the help of Shelley, soon to be with the help of Patrick Patrick, Patrick, oh, he's going to get a lot of things.He's going to get it.
We got it approved. So now if we have a great drug that hasn't been approved and somebody has a certain illness they're going to be able to be -- to try. And you know what? Some of the drugs we have in the pipeline are amazing. It's going to work for a lot of people and it's going to give them hope. It's going to give them hope, big deal. We've just secured $6 billion to fight the opioid epidemic. And I know in West Virginia, that's a big deal, right? That's a big deal.We confirmed a record number of Circuit Court judges, it's a record and it's going bigger and bigger.
We have a lot of them in the line if Schumer would ever get them approved. He's not exactly thrilled about approving them, that I can tell you. We confirmed the great deal Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States. And as I just said, Justice Kavanagh is doing great.
Looks like I had a very tough Central Casting. How do you vote against him? But the Democrats may find a way. We've secured a record $700 billion for our military this year and $716 billion for next year, billion with a b. Our military will be stronger and bigger and better and more sophisticated than it's ever been, ever.
And hopefully we'll never have to use it. You don't get a lot of good fighters out here. I see some of them. I know some of them. And the one thing about a fighter or a nation or whatever you want, the stronger your military, the better chance you have of never having to use it.
We don't want to use it. We don't want to use it. And all of that equipment is being built right here in the U.S.A. We make the greatest fighter jets in the world.We make the greatest ships in the world. We make the greatest missiles and rockets. Nobody does it like us.
And in my direction, The Pentagon is working hard to create the sixth branch of the American Armed Forces, the space force.That's very exciting. We need it. That's the new frontier, and I'm not just talking about sending rockets to the Moon. I'm talking about militarily.That's where it's at. Thanks to the leadership of U.N.
Ambassador Nikki Haley. We've reduced the United Nations spending by $1.3 billion saving U.S. taxpayers $350 million. Just came out, but nobody wants to ride it.
We just passed the landmark VA accountability law.That's where people that don't treat our vets properly, we look at them and we say, "You're fired. Get the hell out." 45 years they have been trying to pass it. 45 years they've tried the pass it. We also passed veterans choice so that if our veterans can't get the care they need, they have the right to see a private doctor. They don't have to wait in line for three weeks, four weeks, eight weeks, two months.
I withdrew the United States from the horrible Iran nuclear deal. And this month, we reimposed tough sanctions on Iran's nuclear program and on Iran.
I also recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. And I understand now what happened because every president  many, many presidents. They said, "We're going to do it. We're going to move our embassy to Jerusalem. It's going to be the capital of Israel, and we're going to do it." We're going do it, and then they don't do it. 
Politicians, they don't do it. So I said, I'm going do it during the campaign.I said it right here in West Virginia. And I now understand why many, many presidents before me said they were going to do it and didn't do it because I was inundated with calls from foreign leaders, every country. Don't do it.
Don't do it. Don't do it. Please don't do it, don't do it. And so actually, what I did, I was about five days off.I stopped taking calls.
I said, "I'll call you back next week," because I knew what they were going to ask me. It's much easier if it was, oopsie, I didn't know you're always calling for that reason. So I approved it, and it should have been done years ago. And if there's ever going to be peace, remember I said it, with the Palestinians, it was a good thing to have done because we took it off the table.
Because every time they were peace talks, they never got past Jerusalem becoming the capital. So I said, let's take it off the table. And you know what, in the negotiation, Israel will have to pay a higher price because they want a very big thing, but I took it off the table. They could never get by.You understand that Cory.
You both understand that. Shelley? They could never get past the fact of Jerusalem becoming the capital. Now it's off the table. There's nothing to negotiate.
But they'll get something very good because it's their turn next. Let's see what happens. It's very  I've always heard that's the toughest deal of all deals that's called peace between Israel and the Palestinians. They say that's the toughest of all deals.
Let's see what happens. Instead of apologize, that's -- what we're doing is we're winning. Instead of apologizing from that, we're standing up for America and we're standing up for the heroes who defend our country, but to continue this incredible success, we must elect more Republicans.We must elect Patrick Morrisey. We need him. We need Patrick. So get your friends, your neighbors, your co-workers, your family members, get the people that love our country and get out to vote. We need his vote so badly. We need his energy. You're going to see this guy has energy.
Loyal citizens like you helped to build this country. Together we're taking back our country, returning power to where it belongs, to the American people. From Morgantown to Madison to Charleston, this great state was settled by tough pioneer men and strong pioneer women who tamed the wilderness to build a better life for themselves and for their incredible American families. They didn't have a lot of money.
They didn't have a lot of luxury, but they had grit and they had faith and they loved each other. And I'll tell you what, they were smart. They are smart. We're the smart ones, remember. I say it all the time.You hear the elite. They're not elite, we're elite.
You're smarter than they are, you have more money than they are, you have better jobs than they do, you'rethe elite. So let them have the word elite. You're the super elite.That's what it is. I always hate -- I always hate when they say, well the elite decided not to go to something I'm doing, right, the elite. I said, "Well, I have a lot more money than they do. I have a much better education than they have.I'm smarter than they are. I have many much more beautiful homes than they do. I have a better apartment at the top of Fifth Avenue. Why the hell are they the elite? Tell me.
Because you are the elite. Just remember that. You are the elite. They're not the elite.
That's just a name. Aren't you insulted when they say the elite? To me, I'm insulted, always insulted. They're the elite, they're not the elite. Your people and the people that preceded you in West Virginia were the Carpenters and the coal miners, the ministers, the metal workers, the farmers, the factory workers, but they all had one thing in common.
They love their families, they love their country, and they love their God. We stand on the shoulders of generations of American patriots who knew how to fight and they knew how to win. We're winning again. We're winning again. Just like them we're going to keep on fighting and we're going to keep on winning and we're going to win for our nation, our children, our families and we're going to win for our continued freedom.
I joke that I'll have Patrick Morriseycoming to me soon. He'll be your senator and he'll say, "Mr. President, the people of West Virginia can't stand winning so much. They haven't won in decades and now you're winning with coal, you're winning with everything." He's going say  Patrick, he's going to say, "Mr. President, please they don't want to win so much. They can't stand it. Please you're winning too much for West Virginia. Please stop winning." And I'm going to say, "Patrick.
I'm sorry. I don't care what the hell the people of West Virginia want. We're going to keep on winning anyway, because I believe that's what they want." Right? That's what they want because the people of West Virginia never give up. They never given and they never back down because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue.
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together we will make America wealthy again. That's happening. That's happening a lot faster than the fake news ever said it could happen.
We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you, West Virginia. Thank you.
Hello, everybody. We're going to New York. We're going to New Jersey for work. It's going to be all work. And I think you see what's happened. The economy is maybe better than it's ever been. The numbers are coming out -- the best they've ever had.
We just came out with youth numbers. They've been just fantastic, off the charts. So we're very happy about that. And I think for that reason, I think, in November, we're going to do extremely well. Extremely well.
I'd like to see twice, but we're going to see. This took place when I had, as you know, the world's top executives -- among the world's top executives. And the head of Pepsi Cola -- a great woman, who is now retiring, she said -- because I asked, "What could we do to make it even better?" And she said, "Two-time-a-year reporting, not quarterly."
And I thought of it, and it made sense to me. Because, you know, we are not thinking far enough out. We've been accused of that for a long time, this country. So we're looking at that very, very seriously. We're looking at twice a year, instead of four times a year.
I don't know McRaven. I know that I've gotten tremendous response from having done that, because security clearances are very important to me. Very, very important. And I've had a tremendous response for having done that.
There's no silence. If anything, I'm giving them a bigger voice. Many people don't even know who he is, and now he has a bigger voice. And that's okay with me, because I like taking on voices like that. I've never respected him; I've never had a lot of respect. And Senator Burr said it best: If you knew anything, why didn't you report it when you were before all of these committees, including their committee?
So he had a chance to report; he never did. This was just -- came up lately, and it's a disgusting thing, frankly. Look, I say it. I say it again: That whole situation is a rigged witch hunt. It's a totally rigged deal.
They should be looking at the other side. They should be looking at all the people that got fired by them. All of the people that got fired. They should be looking at Bruce Ohr and his wife Nellie for dealing with, by the way, indirectly, Russians.
They should be looking at Steele. They should be looking at all these FBI guys who got fired and demoted. Its a really -- its not us. It is a rigged witch hunt. Ive said it for a long time.
I think Bruce Ohr is a disgrace. I suspect Ill be taking it away very quickly. I think that Bruce Ohr is a disgrace, with his wife, Nellie. For him to be in the Justice Department, and to be doing what he did, that is a disgrace. That is disqualifying for Mueller. And Mr. Mueller has a lot of conflicts, also, directly yourself. So you know that.
Mr. Mueller is highly conflicted. In fact, Comey is like his best friend. I could go into conflict after conflict. But sadly, Mr. Mueller is conflicted. But let him write his report. We did nothing. Theres no collusion.
But if he was doing an honest report, hed write it on the other side. Because when you look at criminality, and you look at problems, take a look at what they did, including colluding with the Russians -- the other side.
I cant hear you too well; you have a helicopter.
Well, Turkey has been a problem for a long time. They have not acted as a friend. Well see what happens. They have a wonderful Christian pastor. Hes a wonderful man, Pastor Brunson. They made up this phony charge that hes a spy, and hes not a spy.
Hes going through a trial right now, if you call it a trial. They should have given him back a long time ago. And Turkey has, in my opinion, acted very, very badly. So we havent seen the last of that. We are not going to take it sitting down. They cant take our people. So you will see what happens.
Mr. President, will you pardon Paul Manafort? Will you pardon Paul Manafort if hes convicted?
I dont talk about that, no. I dont talk about that. I think the whole Manafort trial is very sad. When you look at whats going on there, I think its a very sad day for our country.
He worked for me for a very short period of time. But you know what? He happens to be a very good person. And I think its very sad what theyve done to Paul Manafort. Thank you very much.
Thank you. Wow. Thank you, thank you, thank you, Ohio. I love Ohio. What a victory, what a victory. Remember these guys saying on television over and over again, "You cannot win unless you get with the great state of Ohio." We got this great state...
Remember they used to say that, "Trump can't get it because it all goes through Ohio." They didn't know that we're going to win by a lot. We won by a lot...
We won by a lot. But I'm thrilled to be back. This is an incredible place, and -- and we've done well. We've really produced. You know, last time I told you what we're going to do. Now you have the steel mills roaring again. You have people coming back into our country. You have all of these things happening...
It's much easier now. We have the greatest economy we've ever had. We have the best numbers. We're setting records in every respect, so it's much easier for me to do this than it was when I was campaigning when I said this will happen. This is a much easier situation.
It's an incredible time for our country. America is respected again and America is winning again... Because we are finally putting America first.
About time. Our economy is booming. Jobs are pouring back into our country. We're bringing them back. Those companies that left they want to come back. This is where the action is. We're protecting American workers, supporting American law enforcement...
Including ICE. ICE, we love ICE.  We're building that wall. We're building a wall, don't worry. We've already started. We've already started. We're building that wall. We've already started. We're doing a lot of things that people don't even know about.
We're defending our Constitution. We're taking care of our great vets. Our military will soon be stronger than it ever has been before. And the forgotten men and women of the United States are forgotten no more.
We are the great people. We are the great people. You work hard, you pay your taxes, you do all these things and you were forgotten. They forgot about you. And you're the smartest people, you're the smartest people.
You know what they talk about? They talk about the elite, the elite. Do you ever see the elite?  They're not elite. You're the elite. You are the elite. You're smarter than they are. You make bigger incomes. You've got everything going, you know. So let them keep calling us that. You ever hear it?
Hey, you go to the best schools. You do a tremendous job. Your own companies. You work for tremendous salaries. You do all the things that you do. You're talented with your hands, with your mind. And then you hear, "The elite has just said." The elite?  They're more elite than me. I have better everything than they have, including this.
And I became president and they didn't, meaning you became president. And it's driving them crazy. We're honored to be joined this evening by many of your state's great leaders, including your next governor Mike DeWine who's terrific...
And your next United States Senator Jim Renacci. Great people, they're great people. And for the Senate we have to get Jim. We just have to get him in because ... Senator Brown is not going to vote for our judge. We have a great judge. We love Justice Gorsuch. Now we have soon-to-be Justice Kavanaugh. We need both.
We need Jim Renacci.  So vote for Jim. We got to get Jim in there. He's a very important guy. Also here with us tonight is Ohio Speaker of the House Ryan Smith. Ryan, thank you. Thank you, Ryan. Ohio Senate President Larry Obhof. Larry, thank you. RNC Co-chair Bob Paduchik, Bob, I love Bob, I love Bob. You know, Bob Paduchick ran my campaign in Ohio. You know that, right?
And he was recommended along with five or six people and they were all recommended. And I sort of said, "I don't know." But one person said something about him that I liked. They said he never quits, he never gives up.
And Bob Paduchik, I didn't have the governor's support. I didn't have senator support. I didn't have your head of the Republican Party support other than that he's doing very well.  But Bob said, "It doesn't matter because you have the people's support," he said though. And you remember that great night in November...
When they said, after hearing so much about Ohio, and it is true you have to win Ohio. And they said, "It's going to be close. He's going to be able to win maybe by two if he's lucky." That would mean it would take all night they wouldn't be able to say a thing, and they announced, "The polls are closed. Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio." Come up here, Bob, come up.
I never -- he never stops, and now he's working with Troy and he's doing good. You just said, "He's going to be winning, Bob." When he says he's going to win -- I think we won by 11 points or something, Bob, right, 11? Oh, 8-1/2, well, that's ... 
We'll take that, we'll take that. Did you have to be so accurate, Bob?  Eight and a half points, we love Ohio. We love it. And I'll tell you what, we're going to have a tremendous victory for Troy, Troy Balderson.
And he's the one I wanted to win. They had this false report that I was supporting somebody else, and they were right. It was fake news, you're right, so. And I was supporting somebody else, Steve Stivers, but he's in a totally different district.  Did they apologize? Did you apologize for them to say, no, I heard today - I heard today... 
So, no, I did. I heard that -- you know, that Troy was like my second choice. I said, He's my first choice. He's always been the one I wanted to win, and it's always dangerous when you do this. You know, you get involved in the primary. He thinks -- although I have done very well. They don't say -- they don't say our record in the primaries. They give us a lot of false records.
Katie Arrington, South Carolina, she was behind by a lot and she's fantastic, by the way, she's fantastic. And we endorsed her, and she beat a man that likes flamenco dancers from Argentina. You know about that. He was supposed to be vacationing on the Tallahassee Trail, but he was actually in Argentina. 
I don't know. Jim, do they have a Tallahassee Trail in Argentina? I don't think, right? No? No, right? Jim Jordan, how great is he? How great is he? How great is he? Hey, come here, Jim. Come here, come here.
What a great defender he's been, what courage. I'll tell you what. There's a brave tough cookie along with some of his friends. They are -- they are -- you know, I just look -- I didn't know he was going to be here. I looked over and said, "I don't want to wrestle him. He's tough." 
I think he's like 128 in one or something crazy like that. Did you ever win in this room, Jim? Did you ever wrestle in this room? You would've won.  Statistically, you would've won.  Anyway, thanks, Jim, for being -- I didn't know you're going to be here. That's great. Thank you, man.
So, a woman -- a woman, a fantastic woman who came to me because, you know, I didn't have the head of the Republican Party on my side. I won't mention Matt's name. 
I was so nice to him, you're not go along and I talked, and I introduced him, his family, his wife, everybody was nice. And then one day, I heard he wasn't going to be with us. And I went, you know, to Paduchik. I said, "What do you think?" He said, "Your poll numbers are now going to go up."
But what happened is we decided, after I won the presidency, we decided, "Let's challenge this guy. Why should we allow that to happen?" And Jane Timken came along, and she was unyielding. She challenged him. And as you know, a lot of people were trying to push him over the line. That didn't work out too well because Jane Timken won that race, and she has been an incredible GOP State Chairman. Thank you, Jane. Come up. Thank you, Jane. She's been incredible actually.
Finally, it is my true honor to introduce the person that we're here for tonight. He's really tough, he's really smart. He never stops working. That's what Paduchik told me. I said, "How is he doing?" He said, "This man, he loves the people of Ohio. He loves the people in this district. He never ever stops."
It's Ohio's 12th district, and he's going to hopefully be here for a long time. He's never going to let you down. I'll tell you, I see it, I see it. And that's why we're so angry when they said that I was supporting Steve Stivers. And I was -- but again it's the wrong district, I support both of them. 
So I expected a big apology. I thought it was going to be -- I won't mention the one because actually sometimes they treat me OK, but about four percent of the time. 
But I said to a group, "Well, they'll be apologizing today." I said, "Did they apologize?" I didn't see the apology, but that's OK because let me tell you, right from the beginning, Troy Balderson, he is the guy, he is the guy that's going to do things. And you're going to be very surprised. You know, they're talking about this blue wave. 
I don't think so, I don't think so. Maxine Waters is leading the charge.  Maxine, she's a real beauty, Maxine. A seriously low I.Q. person, seriously.
Maxine Waters, she's leading the charge. You know, all throughout like hundreds of -- like 100 years, I guess, 125 years, whoever has the White House, that party tends to lose the midterms. I don't know why. Maybe it's complacency, maybe you all fight so hard for the presidency and, you know, you win and you're a little complacent, but I mean that was two years ago. So I just said why.
But we have the greatest economy in the history of our country. We have things that have never happened before. And look, if the Democrats get in, they're going to raise your taxes, you're going to have crime all over the place, you're going to have people pouring across the border. So why would that be a blue wave? I think it could be a red wave. I tell you what -- really, I think it should be a red wave.
But you got to get out and do it, you got to get out and vote. You got to get out because they want to take away what we've given. They want to take away -- did you ever see this? I mean, you see Pelosi who, by the way, again controls Danny O'Connor, whoever the hell that is, but, you know ...  Danny O'Connor.
And Danny O'Connor, on his rsum, put stuff that wasn't true, OK? So he did that. You know, he would have thought he was Perry Mason or something. He was like a low-level person that did nothing. Danny O'Connor, that's a beauty. He's another beauty.
This is what we're fighting. They will take away your taxes. They will destroy so many things that we've given. And you know, by the way, we had Obamacare repealed and replaced except for one man who showed up at two o'clock and he voted no, he went no.
But what we've done on health care is incredible. We've kept your numbers way down, way below what they thought. We've taken away the individual mandate, which is the single worst part of Obamacare.
We've taken it away. And you know, I mean, look, hey this has been -- this has been some successful period for our country. Our country has never ever been like this. Levels of enthusiasm, the likes of which nobody's ever seen, they've never seen it in the polls not for me, in the polls.
So, so we have a man that's going to fight for you. He's going to fight for Ohio and he's going to be here for a long time. He will never ever disappoint you. I found that out from the people -- you know, he's just not going to disappoint you. He's really smart and he's a really hard worker. Troy Balderson, come on up.
Thank you. He means it, he means it, he means it. Thank you, Troy. Thank you, Troy. A vote for Troy's opponent is a vote for open borders, which equals massive crime, like they don't care about it. They don't care about the crime. They don't care about your military and they don't care about your vets. 
The new platform of the Democrat Party is to abolish ICE and let's not worry about crime. Oh, really? It doesn't work that way.  You know, when MS-13 sees the ICE people, when they come in MS-13 says, "We got problems, we got problem." ICE is fantastic for this country. They're brave. They got a tough job.
And we're getting these gangs like MS-13 and others, we get them the hell out of the country one by one getting them out. A vote for Danny Boy and the Democrats is a vote to let criminals and drugs pour into our country and to let MS-13 run wild in our communities. And you know what they do once they're there? We're going to protect our law enforcement, not just ICE, all of our law enforcement.
Republicans want a maximum, and we do. We want maximum border security and respect for ICE, respect for Border Patrol, respect for all of our great law -- right, right, law enforcement offices.
All of them, law enforcement offices. We've seen the horrors that happened when our laws are not enforced. For example, in the sanctuary state of California, Air Force veteran Marilyn Farris was viciously raped, murdered, and beaten to death with a hammer by an illegal alien with a long criminal history who should have never been in our country, including an arrest just a week before he killed Marilyn.
This was somebody that should have never been allowed to be in our country. And we're talking about thousands of people. We're talking about thousands and thousands of people.
You can ask Jim Jordan. That's all we work on. That's what we focus on, and we're finally getting there. We're finally -- we'll get there, we'll get there. We want our country to be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. 
Every day, the heroes of ICE are tracking down the violent criminals, drug dealers, child predators, which is a tremendous problem, and the vicious gang members all over the place and we're throwing them in jail or throwing them the hell out of our country, one or the other. And we just announced yesterday a record of enforcement at the border.
Not easy, it's not easy because our laws are so bad, they're so pathetic, catch and release. Visa lottery, lottery, let's pick somebody out. Oh, darling, I wonder who that might be. Oh, here he is. 
Oh, oh, he's convicted of five murders. Oh, I see. Well, let him run through our country. We are -- what we're doing is crazy. And how about chain migration? How about that? 
Somebody comes in, he brings his mother, and his father, and his aunt and uncle, 15 times removed. He brings them all. I said the other day, the young man, we call him that or the young animal, I guess is better -- who -- who mowed down eight people, killed many people horribly. Did you ever notice they never talk about the people that lose arms and legs? They never talked about that. They talk about eight people died, but they don't say eight people died and many people lost their arms and their legs and they'll never be the same. They worked so hard. They're so incredible.
But this guy had 22 people come in with him -- 22 people. And he's in our justice system now. He's been there for about a year. It'll take forever. We better get smart, we better get tough and smart. Take forever court after court after court, and then they end up making deals.
If you want to have a border, if you want to stop the radical Pelosi and Waters -- Maxine Waters agenda, there's only one choice in this election, that's vote for Troy Balderson. He's going to help Mark Meadows. He's going to help Vince, he's going to help Jim. He's going to help everybody. They're going to get the job done.
I mean, the fact is we need more Republicans. People say we have a majority. We don't really have the majority of the Senate. Fifty-one, we have one person not voting, you know, not around to vote. I don't know he's not -- he's not voting, so we have 50.
You know to get -- I'll give you an example how tough it is. To get our great future Justice Kavanaugh, I think he's going to get there, too. I feel strongly about it. But to get him approved think of this, because we have one vote that won't be able to vote, unfortunately, to get Justice Kavanaugh approved, we need 100 percent of the Republican votes. Think of that. How bad is that?
How do you get a 100 percent of anything? You know, you always have somebody. I don't like Trump, I don't like our president. He destroyed my career. I only destroyed a career because they said bad things about me and you fight back and they go down the tubes and that's OK. A couple of them, a couple of them. It's all right. I never mentioned names, I don't mention names. I've become much more diplomatic.
See, in the old days, a year ago, two years ago, I would have mentioned names. I don't do that anymore. I don't do it anymore. But think of it, we need a 100 percent, and then the Vice President -- Mike Pence is a great guy -- has to vote ... And has to go and raise his hand, and we -- we win.
But, you know, you're not going to have that vote most likely from your senator, but it's one of those things we're going to get them in. Top at Yale, top at Yale Law School. Same thing with Justice Gorsuch, top at Harvard, number one in his class, Harvard Law School. Went to Oxford, top student. I mean, this is what we want. We want great people. We want really top-of-the-line smart people. I want people with the highest test scores. I like high test scores. Does that make sense?
I want them. I want people, so do you. So we have somebody great in Brett Kavanaugh, and I think it's working out very well. But we need 100 percent of the vote.
Now we have a couple of places where I won by 30 and 40 points, and it could very well be that they come and vote for our senators, Democrats, could very well be. We'll see what happens. But on the assumption that they don't, because they do talk, a few of them say nicer things than -- about me than any Republican. A couple of them compare me to some of the greats. I talk about Abe Lincoln, Honest Abe. No.
No, they say great things. And I tell the people, I tell the people, I say it's wonderful that they say nice things, but they're never going to give us the vote, they'll never. We need the vote. Say bad things about me, but give the vote. 
And I'm not just talking vote on justices, I'm talking votes on lots of other things, including highways, and infrastructure, and the wall and border security.
I need their vote, and we're never going to get their vote. The only way we'll get their vote, we need more Republicans, OK? We got to get more Republicans or it's going to see -- you will see this country go down so fast. You know, what we've done is they even say it really has been, as you say, amazing. It's been a miracle to a lot of people, it's been a miracle because I campaigned.
And I purposely didn't mention the kind of numbers that we're achieving because I didn't want to be accused of exaggeration, right, by the fake news media.
If I would have said 4.1 percent GDP, they would have -- it would have been major headlines like -- and by the way, it's going a lot higher. You can mark my words what's going on.
You know, if I get the trade deficits down they never tell you this, if I get the trade deficits down, bring them down. If I bring the trade deficits down, we could pick up three and four points in GDP. Nobody says that, nobody says that.
They think we can't go any higher. We can go much higher. We have to have good trade deals. We're doing this despite horrible trade deals, the worst deals ever made in the history of our country, ever made in the history of the world. Nobody ever made deals where we give away our country to other countries. It's sheer stupidity. And now these countries, because of tariffs, and I say that's OK.
You know, President Obama, it wasn't his thing. It wasn't his thing.  Frankly, it wasn't anybody's thing for the last 30 years, it wasn't anybody's thing. It's my thing. I love it, I love it.
But we had one set of countries. European Union, look, they're excellent. They want to make a deal. They're dying to make a deal. They want to make a deal. But for years, you know, they tell President Obama, "No, no, we have no interest in meeting. We have no interest in meeting." And I guess they said, oh, that's OK, but they said that to me, too.
Sir, we really don't want to meet. We're happy with the deal. They should be happy. They made $151 billion dollars last year, they should be very happy. I said, "I agree, you shouldn't meet. I agree you shouldn't change the deal, but you're going to have to." They said, "Well, we really don't want to meet." I said, "OK, that's OK, don't meet. But as your cars come into the United States -- Mercedes, BMW, many others -- we're going to tax them 20 percent and we're going to do a lot better."
And then they said, like about 12 minutes after it was announced, "You have a call." I'm not going to embarrass people's names because I like Jean-Claude, OK?  So I won't mention his name. But he did call and he said, "We'd like to meet." 
And we have the makings of a deal, but without that there was no chance. And then I have senators coming, and others and congressmen. I don't think I'll ever hear from Troy on this. I don't think I'll ever hear. But they go -- please don't tax the stuff coming into our country.
What they're doing to our country is incredible. We had an $817 billion dollar trade deficit among all countries over the last number of years. Think of it, per year, per year, $817 billion. That's a year. Do you think they're good trade deals? Oh, wonderful deal, whoever negotiated those deals. And it's going down.
You know, a number that they don't want to talk about, but the number 4.1 was great, but we're going to go a lot higher than that, 4.1 was great. Once the trade deals -- you know if I didn't do anything with the trade deals, if I said nothing, you know, let everybody continue to take our jobs, take our wealth, let them continue, you know, I'll bet our stock market is up almost 40 percent since I won.
But if I didn't do anything with trade just kept quiet, let them continue to take advantage of us, nobody says anything. I think you would have been up another 40, 50, 60 percent.
But eventually you would have had to pay the piper eventually, and we're not going to do that, we're going to do something, we're going to make our country so much richer than it's ever been.
And I don't like it when congressmen and senators come up to me -- because I'm a free trader and I'm a fair trader, fair being more important, and I'm a reciprocal trader. You know what reciprocal is? If they do it, we do it, right? What's wrong with that? But I don't like it.
When a senator, who I like, and there are a number of them or when a congressperson who I like comes into the White House Oval Office, they want to see me, "Sir, we'd really like you to stop treating these countries so bad." I said, "We have a tremendous massive deficit. We're losing a lot of money." "It doesn't matter, Sir. We believe in free trade." I said, "OK, let me ask you a question. They're charging us a 50 percent tariff. We're charging them a 20 percent tariff. Do you think that's OK?" "No, Sir, it's really not. We want free trade." I said, "What's free when they charge us so we can't charge them." What is going on here? What's going on here? It's unbelievable, you know, it's unbelievable.
When we make a car and we send it to China, they charge us a 25 percent tax. When they make a car and send it to us, we charge them essentially nothing. It's 2.5 percent, but basically they don't pay it. So they pay -- think of it, they pay 2.5 percent, meaning nothing. We pay 25 percent. And on top of it they don't want our cars, OK? That's even worse.
So what they do is they say, "No, no, we don't want your cars," but they tell General Motors, "Build the plants in China." I don't blame them. Look, I don't blame China, I don't blame any of these countries. I don't have to go through them. I've got some good relationships. Believe it or not, they all like me. They understand. They can't believe themselves they got away with it.
They can't believe they -- that they got away with, but they have and we're turning it around, we're turning it around fast, you know, sadly because I don't like this. But the Chinese market is down 27 percent in the last three or four months, 27. I don't like that because I really like President Xi and I respect China greatly. It's incredible what they've done.
But they've done it off our back. They've taken $500 billion a year for many years -- $500 billion. We have really rebuilt China and we rebuilt, and it's time that we rebuild our own country now, OK?
And Troy Balderson is going to help me do that, right, Troy? Troy, yes. OK, he said yes. If he said no, I'm out of here, OK?  He's going to help us. He's going to -- believe me he'll be there. He'll be in the forefront.
We've now created 3.9 million jobs -- think of that -- since the election. I would have never said it because of the fakers back there. I would have never said it.
I would have never -- can you imagine if I said that with the fake news? Let's say we're campaigning. Nobody ever heard me say we're going to -- almost four million jobs -- four million. And by the way, you have car plants moving into Michigan, moving in  Moving into Ohio, moving into Pennsylvania, massive, massive companies. Moving into South Carolina, moving into North Carolina, they're all coming back and that means jobs.
And you know what? When I charge them, when I say, look, 20 percent, I'll keep it down to a minimum 20 percent because I'm a nice person. It totally wipes out the deficit. We go positive, we make a lot of money. And you know what they're going to do, they're not going to pay the 20 percent, they won't pay it too much. In fact, the higher I make it the better it is. You know why? They're going to come to Ohio and build a plant because that way they pay nothing, right? They pay nothing.
They're going to build their plants in this country. I went to the Wharton School of Finance, I was a very fine student. And I will tell you, one of the great schools in the world, the Wharton School of Finance, one of the hardest schools in the world to get into. I got in -- let me tell you, I went there.
This is basic, so basic. We charge them a lot, we put in a 20 or 25 percent tax. We take the 151 and now we make 100, so we flipped it like $250 billion with one signature. But what's going to happen? They're coming into the United States to build their plants. Don't even think about it, OK  Because they're not going to pay that tax. Too much.
More Americans are now employed. Here's one of the greatest -- here is one of the best statistics ever. More Americans are now employed than ever recorded before in our nation's history.
Think of that. So we have more people employed working today than the United States has ever had employed or working, think of that. Is that incredible? That's like this little statement that they put out. Nobody -- they don't want you to hear this stuff. This is the great thing, so these rallies are very successful. They hate when I do them although they do like the ratings, I must say. 
You know they're torn, they're torn. Do we put them on and get great ratings and let him say that like CNN is a fake or ... Or do we not put him on? They're very torn.
It's oftentimes I'm getting ready to do my -- you know, the fake news with CNN and MSN -- MSNBC is so corrupt. It's so disgusting...  So disgusting. I would say almost they're worse, they're almost worse, they're really a fake news group of people.
And here's the good news, the guys that we love, right, they're blowing them away in their ratings. Sean Hannity, Laura Ingraham, Tucker Carlson, Steve Doocy, Ainsley, Brian, so many others, they're blowing up away in their ratings. Oh, excuse me, I almost forgot, I would have been in big trouble, the great Lou Dobbs, right? I ordered it. But you see -- oh, Maria Bartiromo.
Great. I'm in trouble because I -- I know I left out probably 10, but I didn't -- I didn't really think I'd be doing this, but they're blowing up away. CNN is down at the bottom of the totem pole. MSNBC isn't even close to being next to these shows. So we're blowing them away and that's good because those are the people that love us. That's why we're going to win. I mean, we're going to win here. It's why -- it's why I won my election, remember?
Now, three or four polls got it right, but for the most part, you know, it's suppression. They want to convince you that Trump has no chance so you don't bother voting. You go to a movie then you come home. But the problem is you never went to the movie, you went out and voted.
Beautiful, right? Right, right? You went out and voted. Darling, let's go to a movie because CNN, fake news, said Trump will not win because there is no path to 270. There is a path to 306 but not the 270.
No, I was saying the other night, remember? Pennsylvania, I was ahead by a lot. We only had two points left. It was like 9:30, it was early. And they refused to say that I won Pennsylvania. If I lost every single remaining vote, it was impossible to catch me.
I kept saying, "Well, wait a minute, there's only so many votes left and we would have to do three times that number. Why aren't they saying?" So then what happened is Wisconsin came in, and we won the state of Wisconsin, and we won the state of Michigan. And then they finally announced Pennsylvania. You know why? They couldn't stand it because they're so dishonest. These are -- these are among the most dishonest human beings you will ever meet. 
In the month of July alone, we added nearly 40,000 new manufacturing jobs. We've created nearly a half a million manufacturing jobs since I took office. And you remember what they used to say? Oh, there are no manufacturing jobs, they don't exist anymore. They're no good. Really? How do you make things without manufacturing jobs? I guess, they figure you'll buy it from the competitors, right? You'll buy it. We'll go out and buy it.
No, we're doing manufacturing jobs at numbers that people haven't seen before. Half a million almost, in fact, probably, by the time I leave this room, it'll be over half a million.
Our economy is soaring, and we're creating opportunity for everyone. The unemployment rate for Americans without a high school diploma -- this just came out two days ago, and I figure I might as well tell you because they won't say it. Without a diploma, high school is at the lowest level ever recorded, right. How good is that?
Economic growth last quarter hit 4.1, you all know that. You all know this, too. Remember, I used to say because they always voted Democrat, it was like automatic. The African-American unemployment rate has achieved the lowest level ever recorded in history.
I've never heard them say that. Have you ever heard them say that? I say it. That's the advantage of having something where a lot of people are listening. Oh, do they listen to those .
And then what they do, do you ever notice on Monday morning or Sunday morning they'll take a beautiful long flowing statement and they'll cut it out just a few words in the middle. And I say, "Man, they really changed the meaning of what I was saying." These are really bad people. The Hispanic unemployment rate is at the lowest level in history.
The Asian unemployment rate has also achieved the lowest level ever recorded. The women's unemployment rate -- I am so sorry, Women, I've let you down. I've let the women down even though I won the women, I won the women, oh.
You know, when those numbers came how is it possible because I never heard I was going to win the women. I said, "I think the women like me." My wife, the First Lady, Melania said, "The women really like you."
They do like me, and I like them. But I said, "How did we win the women?" We won the women. I was a little -- that was a little surprise to a lot of people, but now that you've been to the rally, look at all those pink posters.
Well, thank you. So, the women's unemployment rate is not the lowest ever recorded, it's only the lowest level in 65 years. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry 65 years. But we think by the next report we should have the lowest in history. The veterans, do I love the veterans, unemployment rate  Reached lowest level in nearly 20 years, almost 3.9 million Americans have been lifted off food stamps and that's since the election.
That means they're getting out, they're working, they're loving their life, they're getting jobs that pay them much more than what they can make any other way. That's some number. That's a big number -- all for food stamps. And our new workforce initiative will deliver job training to more than four million Americans, and it's growing. And even though it's 110 degrees in this crazy room ... If you can take it, I can take it.
In all fairness to the HVAC engineers and contractors, this room was not designed quite for this crowd. And you people are hot. So, if anybody wants to leave, leave, there's a lot of people out that want to get in, but don't leave. Now it is -- it is rather hot. Here's the good news. You walk out, you lose about ten pounds and you say, "That was really very good. That was...
That beats going to a gym, right? And it's hot. So much for my brand-new beautiful suit. Now that we have the best economy in the history of our country, this is the time to straighten out the worst trade deals ever made by any country on earth at any time. Ohio alone lost over 200,000 manufacturing jobs since China joined the WTO. The WTO World Trade Organization a total disaster.
For decades our politicians allowed other countries to steal our jobs, plunder our wealth and loot our economy. That's what they did. I don't think for the most part they did it consciously, they just didn't know what the hell they were doing. They had no idea. And then you have the globalists who think that is wonderful when they close up a plant in Ohio, move the plant to Mexico or some other place, lose all of your jobs. They make the product in Mexico or some other country, send it back into our country tax-free -- those days are ending -- tax-free. Right? No good, no. We don't like that. We want our people.
Did you see a certain gentleman the other day said, "Donald Trump doesn't take care of foreign workers." I said, "He's right."  That was Charles Koch, Charles Koch who's actually a nice guy. They're members of my clubs, David and Charles Koch. But he said, "Donald Trump doesn't take care of foreign workers." I said, "Hey, he's right." I mean, . I don't want to get into an argument, he's right. I want to take care of the American workers. I want to be America first, OK?
But America's economic surrender ended the day that I took office, folks. Now after years of rebuilding foreign countries, we are finally rebuilding our country.
The great patriot from Ohio -- and he was indeed and he was actually a great president, certainly from an economic standpoint. He was a great president. He was assassinated. People don't realize William McKinley from Ohio was a great president.
He understood the crucial importance of tariffs in maintaining a very strong country. And people that followed him went down as great presidents because one, in particular, as you know, because he was given an economic behemoth that was created by McKinley. McKinley said, "We ought to take care of our own nation and her industries first. We have to take care of our nation first."
And we can help other people, we want to help other people. But we don't want to help other people that are rich and not have them reimburse us. It's so foolish. We're taking care of their military. We're taking care of their -- we're taking care of everything.
You know, a lot of these deals were made many years ago when they were weak and struggling, and then we never changed them. We never changed them. They're still the same old deal. But we're changing them now ... Changing them now. And Troy Balderson is going to be helping so much.
Thanks to our pro-American economic policies, Americans Steel -- one of the things I'm most proud of -- American Steel is making one of the biggest comebacks that anybody has ever seen for any industry.
Nucor, big great steel company, you know, the steel mills were all closing, they're all closing up. Nucor has announced an $85 million dollar upgrade in Marion. Charter Steel announced a new $150 million dollar steel mill in Cuyahoga Heights.
JSW Steel is restarting the furnace and investing $500 million dollars in Mingo Junction, and Cleveland-Cliffs announced a new $700 million plant in Toledo.
United States Steel is building or renovating or improving over seven new plants. They never thought they'd see a day when this happened. And this all happened within a very short period of time because we've stopped the dumping. If they want to dump, you know what, that's fine, but they have to pay a 25 percent tax. It's amazing what impact that has on people that want to rip off and destroy our industries.
Thank you very much, I appreciate that. We've also taken historic action to protect our amazing farmers. I reached a historic agreement with the European Union. We talked about them before to reduce barriers to American-grown products and vastly increase the purchases of Ohio's number one crop, American soybeans. And by the way, do you see the prices? They're starting to go up.
Soybeans prices are starting to go up. And we're standing up to China -- we'll get along with China, but we're standing up because it's just been unfair. We've authorized up to $12 billion to help American farmers during this period of time where China is targeting the American farmer because China is smart and they know the American farmers love Donald Trump. And they say, "What can we do to stop Donald Trump because finally, he's the guy. He got it right. He's bringing the wealth back to the United States." And China doesn't like it, so they're spending a fortune on public relations and ads.
Do you ever see these ads? Look at who's paying from, and other countries and by the way, other countries. And speaking of John, it's just come out that the Democratic leader and the leader of the Russian investigation ...  Dianne Feinstein had a Chinese spy as her driver for 20 years, and she's leading the Russian investigation if that's what you call it. How about leading -- no, no, she's leading the Russian witch-hunt, a Democrat-inspired witch-hunt. That's something. Isn't that something?
Dianne Feinstein had a Chinese spy. How come China never spies on us? Can I tell you what? There are those that say, "Boy, they're brutal. You should ask the people. Ask what's going on." And not only China, it's a lot of people and we got to stop it. We got to stop meddling. We got to stop everybody from attacking us, but there are a lot.
Russia is there. China is there. Hey, we're doing well with North Korea, but they're probably there. We got to stop everybody. We got to stop. But think of that, and I like Dianne Feinstein. I have to tell you, but I don't like the fact that she had a Chinese spy driving her, and she didn't know it. And then she says to me, "Well, what did you know about this?" And I mean, give me a break. Come on, folks. 
Every day -- and by the way, with China not doing so well, it's only gotten worse. I guarantee you. If there's any meddling or if there's any problems, I guarantee it's going to happen really big now because we are taking our wealth back, we're taking our jobs back, we're opening up markets.
Every day we're setting new records and we're keeping our promise. We have eliminated a record number of job-killing regulation. We have -- and that is so true. And Ohio is going to like this. We have ended the war on clean coal. Our miners are back to work, clean coal.
Republicans passed the biggest tax cuts in reform in American history. We've saved our family farms from the estate tax, also known as the death tax. And also we've saved small businesses, small farms. Small businesses won't be paying the death tax anymore.
As I said, we've repealed the core of Obamacare. The individual mandate is now gone. That's where you pay a tremendous amount of money for the privilege of not having to pay to buy terrible, horrible health care that's way overpriced. We have given you a lot of health care plans that you can choose from through associating health plans. We're giving businesses the greatest ability that they've ever had to join forces to buy much better health insurance for much less money including across state lines.
And we've just added and introduced a brand new rule to offer renewable plans that could save patients 50 percent or more compared to Obamacare -- Obamacare. That was a beauty, Obamacare. It was repealed and replaced, remember, other than one vote.
And you know what else we did, which is I think really great, it's really something. When you're really sick, it's called right to try. How many times you know somebody  And you're reading about this potential cure but it'll be 10 more years of experiments in food and drug, and we have right to try now. People sign a disclaimer, they sign an agreement for no liability.
And instead of traveling, if they have the money, most people don't have the money, but I know people they've traveled all over the world to try and solve a health problem. Right to try, it's passed. It was really tough. You wouldn't think it will be tough.
But the health care companies had a problem, the pharmaceutical companies had a problem. Our country, because everybody is worried everybody would be sued, I said, "You'll sign an agreement where nobody, you know, you do it. You don't sue people. You -- they want to get better, they want to have a right to try." We approve that, and that's a big thing. It was a very hard thing. They've been trying to get it for 40 years.
I signed it into law three months ago -- right to try. So if they have something that you read about that looks really promising, you don't have to wait 12 years. You know one of the reasons you couldn't use it because they said, "Well, we don't want to use it because maybe it's going to hurt somebody." Well, the people are going to die. They want to try it. It might not work and it might work.
It's also a great test medically, it's a great test. So right to try, we have it. I'm so proud of that one. To restore our security we increased defense spending to $700 billion this year and $716 billion next year. We're doing things that we've never done before. And we also had approved $6 billion for opioid. We're fighting opioid. It's down 20 percent. It's a tough fight.
$6 billion we got approved. Thanks to our 2$ billion investment in new armored vehicle, workers at the legendary tank plant in Lima, Ohio, are now back on the job, churning out M1 Abrams tanks. Do you like that, Abrams tanks?
They're churning them out. You know the great thing about what we're doing with $700 billion and $716 billion, we also -- it's far less important in this case because there's nothing we have to protect. There's nothing so important as our military. But we're also providing massive numbers of jobs because we build all of that equipment in the United States.
That's the one case where the jobs just aren't as important, right? But we're doing good all here. And I'm very proud to report that we have given our servicemembers their largest pay raise in over a decade.
And I've also directed the Pentagon to begin the process of creating the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces called the Space Force -- Space, very important.
That's going to be great. Look, so much is happening now in space. I mean, you have great defense. I'm not just talking about Mars and the Moon, I'm talking about tremendous defense capability, offensive capability. It's in space, so we're going to do the Space Force.
We passed the landmark V.A. accountability law that everybody said you couldn't get passed. Forty years they've been trying to do it. Now if a bad government worker abuses a great veteran, we turn to them and we say, "You're fired. Get the hell out of here."
You're fired. We also passed Veterans Choice, so if our veterans can't get care from the V.A. in a timely manner they have the right to go and see immediately a private doctor get taken care of.
They've been working on that one for 45 years, we got it passed. I'm good at getting things passed. My whole life -- oh, and we're going to get the wall passed. Don't worry about that, don't worry about that.
The obstructionist -- the Democrats are obstructionist. The only thing they do well, they're lousy politicians, they have horrible stupid policies. You know, let's get rid of law enforcement, let's get rid of our military, let's not take care of our vets -- all of these things, let's not build a wall. They are haters. They have tremendous hatred, they have tremendous hatred, but they'll do anything they can to -- really to obstruct or resist.
You know, their word is resist -- resist. I used to see that word. I said, "Why are they doing that?" If it's good for the country, why are they resisting? But they want to resist.
I withdrew the United States from the horrible Iran nuclear deal, and so many things have happened since then. I also recognized the capital of Israel, and five months later we opened the American Embassy into it.
Instead of apologizing for America, we are standing up for America. We are standing up for the heroes who protect our country. And we are proudly standing up for our national anthem. Thank you.  But to continue our incredible success, we must elect more Republicans and we must elect Troy Balderson. We have to elect Troy.
So get your friends, get your neighbors, get your family and get out and vote for Troy on Tuesday. Loyal citizens, great people like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back this country. We are returning power to where it belongs -- to the American people.
From Columbus to the Queen City, Cincinnati, where I worked for long time, I love Swifton Village -- Swifton Village, a good place, the Queen City. From Dublin to Cleveland, and from Toledo to Mansfield, Ohio has always been the home of red-blooded American patriots, strong people, smart people, real workers, people that I love.
This state is the home of the proud and we are -- we're the home of the proud. We're the home of families and farmers, and miners, and manufacturers, and aviators, and astronauts. Ohio is the home of everything -- everything good.
Ohio is where the Wright Brothers invented the airplane and where Annie Oakley got her gun. And Ohio is the state that gives us American legends and American heroes like Thomas Edison, Neil Armstrong and John Glenn.
We stand on the shoulders of generations of American patriots who knew how to work, knew how to fight and knew how to win. You know how to win. Just like them we're going to keep on working, we're going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning. We're going to win so much you're going to get so tired of winning, just so tired.
You see what's happening. No, we'll keep it going for a long time. We will never give up, we will never give in, and we will never back down. We will never ever stop fighting for our families, our freedom or our great American flag, right?
Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. We are one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. And together as a nation, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Ohio, thank you.
Thank you very much, Pennsylvania. Thank you. Thank you very much. I'm thrilled to be back in the state that gave us American independence...  American steel, which is coming back very strongly  and generations of hard-working American patriots just like you. It's great to be here. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.
We live in a truly incredible country and this is an incredible time. You see what's happening? We are respected again. We are respected again. Our economy is soaring, our jobs are booming, factories are pouring back into our country. They're coming from all over the world. We're defending our workers. We're protecting our Constitution.
We're crushing the terrorists. We're taking care of our vets. We love our vets. Love our vets. Our military is stronger than ever before, $700 billion. And the forgotten men and women of the United States are forgotten no more.
So, I just watched last night our great vice president, Mike Pence. He traveled all the way to Hawaii, 12 hours -- said that was OK; it wouldn't've mattered if it was 50 hours -- to meet the remains and greet the families of the American heroes who gave their lives in Korea. 
Our fallen warriors are finally coming home to lay at rest in American soil. A long time. It's been a long time.
We are honored to be joined tonight by your state's Republican nominee for governor. A great guy, somebody I know well. He is going to be one hell of a governor. He's tough. He's smart. Scott Wagner. Scott! And I also want to recognize your terrific Republican candidates for Congress, John Shren  Dan Moser  John Joyce, and a man that was there right from the beginning.
He heard I was going to be running. He said, "You've got to go with Trump." A man named Tom Marino, and he was a good friend and is a good friend of Lou. They love each other. Tom Marino right from the beginning. I also want to thank Pennsylvania GOP Chairman Val DiGiorgio. Val, thank you. And David, thank you, and all of those people. David, you do some job on television, I want to tell you, David.
And we did a great job. You know, Pennsylvania, for years and years they talked about Pennsylvania will be won by the Republicans, right? It always got away. Nobody knew what happened. It always got away. But we won the state of Pennsylvania, you remember? Remember? Remember that incredible night in November. Remember that incredible night?
And you remember that we were way up in Pennsylvania and there was only 2 percent of the vote left. And we were way up. If I lost every vote, we would've won the state of Pennsylvania. And the fake news refused to call it, right? They refused to call it. 
We waited for hours. We were at 98 percent. I said, "What's going on? I want to win with the state of Pennsylvania." And then some interesting things happened before they called. They just refused. They said, "Donald Trump has won the great state of Wisconsin." Right? They said, "Donald Trump has won, for the first time in many years, both of them, the great state of Michigan," and you people didn't get the privilege of taking us over the top. Next time. Next time.
They wouldn't call it. I kept saying, "Why aren't they calling Pennsylvania?" Remember, an hour, two hours, so long, 98 percent and they wouldn't call it. Well, they were suffering that night. That was suffering.
I remember a nice man -- I actually like him. He's very talented -- with a big chart, and all that red -- it started getting red Republican. It started getting red. That chart red, red, red. The little -- little tiny dot of blue along the ocean. 
Little blue over here around the Los Angeles area, that whole thing was red. And he's going, "Ohh," his hands start shaking. "Look, oh my God, another state came. Oh my God, what's this?" Fake news!
You know what you call them, right? Suppression polls, right? Suppression. They give you phony polls so that you say, "You know what darling? We have an election tonight. But Trump won't win because the polls are so bad. But let's go to a movie and then we'll come home and we'll watch his defeat."
There's only one problem: Nobody believed them and everybody went out to vote. Right? Everybody went out. And they turned on the television and they said, "Darling, he's winning. Look, he just won Florida, just won North Carolina. He just won South Carolina." We had -- that was something. Was that an exciting night?
That was an excite -- one of the world's most. You know, they kept saying, "The state of Texas," which I thought -- every rally I went to was like this. And by the way, you think this is a big crowd? Go outside and take a look. Go outside.
But I kept -- I'd go to Texas, and I said, "Boy, are we popular in Texas."  All right, get him out. Get him out. Get him out of here! 
So, getting back to Texas -- so for two and a half months, I hear "Texas is in play." That means it's so close that it's going to be all night long before we find out who wins the state of Texas. And I couldn't understand it. And they said, "Utah is in play." I couldn't understand it. Go to Utah. Great people, incredible people.
And then we come to election night. Now, I figured it's going to be close in Texas because I believed those people. No longer. But I believed.  So it hits 8 o'clock, and they go, like, two seconds after 8:00. "Donald Trump has won the state of Texas. Donald Trump has won the state of Utah." And we won by so much.
And I said to my people, somewhat innocently, "What was that all about?" They said, "Sir, it's suppression. If they convince people through the polls, people don't go out to vote." But I really mean it, our people went out to vote. And no better instance than the state of Pennsylvania. No better.
And I want to introduce a very special man, because he's been a friend of mine from the beginning. He's been with me. He said, "You're going to win. You're going to win." He's a great political person. He's a leader. He's running against somebody who's so overrated. I mean, this guy -- you know, I was telling a little story on Bob Casey. I've been there. 
I've been -- I have to do this before we introduce Lou.  So I've been in Washington now for more than a year and a half. I hardly -- I mean, honestly, I'm not sure I ever met Bob Casey. I've never met him. And I'm sure I did. I shook his hand. But I'm not sure.
Now, his father was a good man; knew him a little bit. But we're dealing with a totally different person. I don't think -- I don't know this man. He's a senator. They're a hundred senators. I don't know him. 
No, he's not an obstructionist. He's worse. He will do whatever Schumer, Pelosi and the new star...  and the new star of the Democrat Party tells him to do. You know who the new star? You know who that new leader is? Maxine Waters.  Very low IQ low. Low IQ. No, no Maxine Waters is like -- she's like their new star.
But I want to introduce somebody that really is a star. He's smart. He's strong. He loves this state. People are just starting to know him, but I've known him for a long time. And you know, when he wants something for Pennsylvania, he is brutal. He's brutal. So if you would, Lou Barletta, please come out. Lou Barletta. Lou Barletta.
He did a good job. So long, folks. What do I have to do? Bye.  So, Lou -- you don't Lou, some people. They don't know him well. I've known him well for a long time.
All I had to do -- I wanted him to get this position to run. I said, "All I have to do is introduce Lou Barletta to the public a little bit," because he's known in his area, his district, he's like a legend. He was a great mayor, a great congressman.
But the state didn't know him really as much. And tonight, they all know him. This guy is a dynamo. He's incredible. And I have to say you're dealing, on the other side, with the exact opposite. Lou mentioned some of the things, but when you think about Justice Gorsuch, you don't do better than that. You don't do better than that.
And Casey voted against him. And now we have somebody that's extraordinary, as you know, Judge Kavanaugh. Yale College, Yale Law School, top, top student, top of everything. They predicted 15 years ago, when he was with a lot of other talented people, someday he'd be a Supreme Court judge.
And you know what? I think Casey doesn't even want to meet with him. You know why? 'Cause Schumer, Pelosi and Maxine Waters told him not to meet.  So he was no, and probably will be no. And maybe after tonight he'll vote yes, but I doubt it. Because his bosses are telling him what to do.
And they always have; not the father but the son, yes. So they have no on Kavanaugh, no on Gorsuch, no on massive tax cuts. In fact, Casey and the group, they want to end the tax cuts and increase your taxes. Somehow that doesn't play well. Somehow. 
Somehow that doesn't play too well. And you know what else he was no on? The biggest thing that only really the business people in this room fully appreciate, he was no on regulation cutting.
We had regulations that made it impossible to do business in this country. Highways would take 21 years to get approved. We have it down to two years, and it's going to be one year very shortly. Very shortly.
And you know what? We want clean, beautiful water. We want crystal clear air. We want our air to be the best. It is; right now, it's the best it's ever been.
But you don't have to go through 97 different approvals over a 20-year period. And we may reject plenty, but we're going to reject them in a year and they can go on to do something else. We're not going to take them down the line 20, 21 years and then you have a 3-to-2 vote against the project where people work their entire lives to get it approved. So we've gotten rid of massive amounts of regulation.
Bob Casey. Bob Casey was joining President Obama...  and his horrible attacks on our clean coal industry. Bob Casey was making it absolutely impossible for the miners. And Lou Barletta was fighting on behalf of our miners, our mines, our companies, and our beautiful Pennsylvania clean coal. And Lou won, and so did I, and so did you.
So now with Lou on our side, we've won that war on coal and we're doing something else, because we're putting these great miners -- these are great people. You know, in West Virginia, great mines, great people. I went -- I said to the miners, "You remember when Hillary Clinton said 'We're going to close you up'?" Then she had to go down to Pennsyl -- right? Then she had to come to Pennsylvania. 
No, no, no, no. They only want to hurt Republicans. They don't want to do anything. But you know what? It's all changing folks. It's all changing. Some things just take a little bit longer.
They only want to go after Republicans. You look at the kind of criminal actions and crime, they only want to go after the Republicans. But Lou wants to put our miners back. And they are working. But I'll tell you what I'm really proud of now. About five months ago -- it took a while to get all the statutory approvals. We're putting our steel workers back to work at clips that nobody would believe, right?
U.S. Steel is opening up seven plants. Nucor is opening up a brand new $250 million plant in Florida. Just left Florida. Did anybody like that one? Wasn't that great?
Great state of Florida. That was another one. That was another one. They say, "The Republicans are going to have a hard time winning Florida." We won Florida quickly. They announced that one early in the night.
And we're doing better -- the nice part, we're doing better in all of these states than we did on election night -- much better...  despite only negative publicity, only negative stories from the fakers back there. 
I go home, I see my wife. I said, "Honey, we're going to get the greatest -- I just did something so great today, you know. I just stopped missiles from being launched every two seconds in Korea."
"Baby, what I did with North Korea was great. I got along great with Chairman Kim. I got along great." That's a good thing, not a bad thing, by the way.
I got along. "And you know what? Baby, I got the hostages back. Didn't have to pay anything."
"And you know what, honey? They're not testing any more nuclear. They haven't had a test in nine months. And you know what else? They're not sending rockets over Japan and they're not sending missiles over Japan and they're not launching missiles anymore. They haven't launched one in nine months."
I said, "Oh, the media is going to treat me, finally, so good. So good. I mean, it's going to be so great, baby. I'm looking so forward to getting up tomorrow and reading those dying papers." 
And what do I read? What do I read? So I left three months ago. What do I read? They've been working on this stuff for 75 years. Obama didn't do anything. In all fairness, other administrations did nothing.
They've been working on it for so many decades. What do I read? I left three months ago. "Donald Trump isn't moving fast enough." Would you believe? 
I'm not moving fast enough. Oh boy, what a group. What a group. You know another one in Helsinki, I had a great meeting with Putin. We discussed everything. I had a great meeting. I had a great meeting. We got along really well.
By the way, that's a good thing, not a bad thing. That's a really good thing. Now, we're being hindered by the Russian hoax. It's a hoax, OK? I'll tell you what: Russia's very unhappy that Trump won, that I can tell you.
But I got along great with Putin. And everybody said, "Wow, that was great. That was great." A couple of hours later I started hearing these reports that, you know, they wanted me to walk up -- here's a podium, they wanted me to walk up and go like this. 
They wanted me to go up and have a boxing match. I said, "Whatever happened to diplomacy?" And by the way, whatever happened to diplomacy? You know, I used to study -- not too much -- diplomacy. I said, "Whatever happened to getting everything you want?" Now, some you have to be rough, some you have to be nice. But whatever happened?
And let me tell you, if I did go up and start screaming, they would've said, "He was terrible. He was so rude. It was horrible. His performance was horrible." Whatever happened to fair press? Whatever happened to honest reporting? 
So, we had a great meeting with Russia, we had a great meeting with Putin, although they just hammered, because they really thought I was soft. Soft? I mean, I was -- I was the one that let out 60 diplomats. I was the one that complained about the fact that Germany is paying billions of dollars for a ridiculous pipeline coming into Germany. They're paying billions and billions of dollars a year to Russia. I was the one that complained about it.
We had a bad conflict in the Middle East, which I hate, but we had a conflict, and a lot of people died and it was horrible. A lot of people died and I hate it. But we're going to win all the time, folks. We're going to win all the time.
But if I get along with Vladimir Putin, that's a good thing, folks, not a bad thing. Good -- a good thing.
Then -- then I met with NATO. Now, NATO -- in all fairness, 29 countries including us, NATO has been ripping us. We've been defending Europe and they're not paying their bills. So I went in and I said, "Folks, you got to pay up. You're delinquent." They'll be paying $200 billion. It took me one hour, but it was a rough hour.
The head of NATO, Secretary General Stoltenberg, said to the press -- they don't report it, they only make up stories. They only make up.
So what happened, he said, last year alone, because of what I did the previous year, we took in $44 billion more. You have to understand, this is money to guard against Russia. I wouldn't say Putin's thrilled about that. Not thrilled. 44. Now, they will be taking in over a period -- short period of years $200 billion, $200 billion.
Are you OK? Is it OK? Are they OK? You all right? We got to stick with our people that wait here for hours and hours, right? Come on, are you OK, darling? Good. She looks good. We got to stick with those people. Anybody in this front row, they've been here for many hours. Thank you, darling. Thank you. Thank you. And come back. If you want, come back after you feel a little bit better. You come back, darling, OK? Come back, all right? You come back. Make sure she gets back. We'll bring her up here. Beautiful. Thank you.
So I raised 44 billion last year. And, you know -- I don't know if you know, NATO funding was going down. And they said, our other presidents -- I won't be particular. Of course, you're only dealing with, like, let's say three people. We won't go back any further than that -- they would come, they would make a speech, they'd say, "Could you please pay a little more money? Thank you very much. Well, good luck, everybody." They'd leave; nobody would pay. 
The next one would come, "You know NATO, they don't pay any money. We're defending Europe. They don't pay any money. Could you please pay a little bit more money? Thank you very much, everybody. It's been wonderful meeting you. Thank you very much, Luxembourg. Thank you very much." They don't pay.
The next one comes, same thing. And I came I said, "Fellas, you're delinquent, you got to pay. You got to pay." And one of the leaders said, Well, Mr. President, could I ask you a question? If we don't pay, what are you going to do about it?" I said, "Do you want protection or not? Do you want protection or not?"
So I said to my wife, "You know, I just raised, like, a couple of hundred billion dollars and it was like so easy. It was so easy." I said, "Honey, wait'll you see the press I get on this . It's going to be great!"
And here's what the fake news said...  Go on. They said, "Donald Trump, our president, was extremely rude to presidents and prime ministers" and in a couple of cases dictators, but that's all right. But "Donald Trump was very rude."
They don't talk about the money I raised. I was rude. And I wasn't. Actually I have a better relationship with every one of them than any other president has had, every one. And they respect us again. They respect us again. So NATO is very well-funded. These countries are starting to pay up. You got to pay up, folks. You got to pay up.
You know, we went through the entire room and the last gentlemen, a prime minister, said, "You know, we're all saying how wonderful everything is, but I don't think the president of the United States is happy. Nobody's talking about that." And he looked at me and said, "President," this before they made the commitment, he said, "President, are you happy?" To me.
I said, "No. Thank you for bringing it up." This is after they went through 28 people. I said "Thank you very much for bringing it up." And this gentleman -- and maybe they'll find a transcript -- he said, "We got to make the president happy." I said "The only way I'm going to be happy is you got to pay your bills, folks. You got to pay your bills."
Because the United States is not going to continue to spend our money, our sweat, our tears, our blood on people that aren't. And you know, I don't know if you know it, and I said to them as a room, I said, "Look, I'm all for NATO. One thing I know is that NATO, which protects Europe, is better for Europe than it is for the United States. We're way far away."
You know, you'll listen to some of the generals, "Sir, they are an ally. We must protect them." And they're a long way away. I'm all for NATO. You know why? Because now the money is pouring in. And they said I treated them badly and I didn't. I have such a great relationship. So I'm very proud of it.
So when I woke up, I said, "This is going to be great. Finally, finally I'm going to get great press. This is going to be great." And I got hammered by even NATO.
So NATO's in great shape. Our country's in great shape. We're so strong again, so strong. We are so strong.  Shall I give you one more of those crazy stories? This was on the trip. So one more?
So, I have great respect for the U.K., United Kingdom. Great respect. People call it Britain. They call it Great Britain. They call it -- they used to call it England, different parts. But the U.K., great respect. And I was asked to have tea with the queen, who is incredible, by the way. Incredible.
So I was hearing -- I had landed and I'm on the grounds and I'm waiting with the king's and with the queen's guards. Wonderful people. I'm waiting. So I was about 15 minutes early and I'm waiting with my wife. And that's fine. Hey, it's the queen right? We can wait. But I'm a little early.
So I then go up and meet the queen and she is fantastic. We then go up and we have tea. And I didn't know this, it was supposed to last for 15 minutes, but it lasted for, like, an hour because we got along. We got along.
And she liked our first lady and our first lady liked her. And I won't talk about conversation because you're not supposed to. Unless you want to hear. No, I'm only kidding.
But we got along fantastically well and the time went by. You know, like, sometimes if you like somebody you get along, good chemistry, the time goes by. So we were there for about an hour.
So here's the story. I got there -- remember, I got there early and the queen's guards waited with me. Waited. In fact, we took a helicopter. See all these Secret Service guys? They're not late. They're not -- they're not, like, late. They don't believe in being late. They believe -- they're incredible. They believe in being early, not late.
One of them said to me, "Sir, we weren't late." So here was the story by the fake news, "The president was 15 minutes late for the queen." Wrong.  And then here's the rest of the story. No, here's the rest. Here's the rest of the story.
So, they said I was late, when I was actually early, number one. Number two, I guess the meeting was scheduled for 15 minutes and it lasted for almost an hour. "The president overstayed."
So, I was late and I overstayed. And honestly folks it was such a beautiful, beautiful visit and afternoon. But they can make anything bad because they are the fake, fake, disgusting news. 
All right, let's get back to some boring subjects like Bob Casey.  So Bob Casey -- boy, isn't that boring after these wonderful -- and I'm now going to talk about Bob Casey, I'll start falling asleep. Don't fall asleep as we talk about Sleeping Bob. 
Sleeping Bob, hah. That's it, Sleeping Bob. That's it. That's it. Sleeping Bob. So Bob Casey -- Bob Casey is for open borders.  In other words -- look, folks -- hey, folks, I went to school in Pennsylvania. I went to a great school in Philadelphia. Great. The best. I went to the best school. And you wouldn't believe it, but I was a very good student. These people would never tell you that.
But, you know, I know the people of Pennsylvania very well. And they are not for super-liberal Democrats. They're just not. Unless maybe the world has changed.
But Bob Casey wants open borders, which means crime. It means crime. You see this. He wants people to pour in, and if they pour in by the millions, that's, I guess, OK. I don't get it.  Lou, Lou, yeah. 
Building. We're building it. We're building it. We're building it. So, we've started the wall, $1.6 billion. We're fixing walls all over the border. And we're going to start to get very nasty over the wall.
You know, the Democrats -- anything I want -- and it's not even the Republicans. I don't know if they care about the -- if they care about me. They're very concerned.
Anything I want, they want to oppose. You know, I just figured out how to do the wall: I'll say I don't want to build the wall and they'll insist on building it. I just figured that out right now. So Bob Casey doesn't mind MS-13 coming in. 
These are the slicers. They slice people up and they're -- and remember I called them animal and Nancy Pelosi scolded me, "How dare he call another human being an animal?" They're animals.
Bob Casey wants to fire the incredible men and women of ICE. He wants to abolish ICE, because he's weak.  And let me just tell you something. These people are so tough. And you need tough, because the only thing that MS-13 and these gangs that we're throwing the hell out of here at record numbers -- we're doing a good job.
But the only thing that these gangs understand is tough. They don't understand a nice person like the gentleman in the second row. He's a nice man. I can see. Sir, you wouldn't last two minutes talking to ICE. I hate to say it. His wife knows I'm telling the truth. 
We need strong people. I have a sheriff was a great friend of mine. And he said -- and he's had a problem with the MS-13 people. He said to me, "You know something, President, I really don't mind ICE comes in and does the job. I really don't want" -- you know, this is tough stuff.
They want to get rid of these incredible warriors. They're warriors. We're fighting a war and we're fighting a war on drugs. They're bringing in drugs. They're bringing in lots of bad people. We're getting the hell -- we're stopping it.
So we're going to be taking some very tough actions. Going to be taking some tough actions.
I don't know if it's before the election or after the election. You know, a lot of the Republicans say -- and they're good. They're good. We need more Republicans. But they're friends of mine.
They say, "President, you know?" And some of them are really tough guys. And they said, "Sir, we're better off if we wait till after." I say, "It's better before. Let's do it before." "Sir, we're better off." You know who thinks it should be before? Rush Limbaugh thinks it should be before...  before the election. You know who else? Sean Hannity. A lot of them. A lot of them.
Great people. You know, a lot of people think -- but a lot of great Republicans, well-meaning. I don't mean like they're well-meaning. They say, "Look, we have the best economy ever. We're doing great. Maybe we don't want to complicate it."
And I understand it. I'm a little torn myself. I would personally prefer before, but whether it's before or after, we're either getting it or we're closing down government. We need border security. We need border security.
We got to have border security. We got to get rid of visa -- how about that? -- visa, visa lottery. You know what a lottery is? You pick it out of a hat.
Now, do you think that these countries, many of whom get aid from us and then they send -- remember when I did, I hate to say it, coming down the escalator, the beautiful first lady in the white dress coming down that escalator, that big, big beautiful day?
When everybody said, "Oh, he's just doing this for fun. He doesn't really mean it." Man, if I don't mean it, I hope you're telling me soon, because it's a lot of work. 
But coming down the escalator, and you remember what I said, "They're sending." Do you remember that? "They're sending."
And I mentioned words -- I won't even mention them tonight because there's a lot of young people here, but I mentioned words and everybody thought it was wonderful. But then about two days later they said, "Did he say this? Did he say that?"
Guess what? What I said is peanuts compared to what turns out to be the truth. It's peanuts. So -- so, we're going to have not lottery where you pick it out. "Ladies and gentlemen, our first lottery winner." You know, they think we're playing, like, a game show. 
"Our first lottery winner. Let's see he has seven convictions for death. He's killed nine people. And we're getting him the hell out of our country and giving them to the stupid politicians that have been running the United States for many years. And we're going to send him up there because he just won the lottery. Congratulations. Congratulations. Yeah, that's a beauty."
Then you have chain migration. Chain migration. 
And this was a Schumer deal. Schumer wanted this. Schumer. You have chain migration. You know what that is? A guy comes in -- stone-cold killer in many cases. A guy comes in, and then you have to bring his aunt, his uncle, his father, his grandfather, his grandparents, his third niece by a different marriage.
So, this bad guy that ran over and killed eight people on the West Side Highway in New York City -- a place I know very well -- driving like 80 miles an hour in a 20-mile zone. And then he said, "Hey, look, there's people. Nice people. They're relaxing. Some are jogging. Beautiful park along the Hudson River." He decides to kill them. So he makes a right turn. He killed eight and many are just decapitated. They lost arms. They lost limbs. They lost so much. They lost their life. But they lost so much.
You know, nobody ever talks about this seriously injured people. They always talk about the people that died. In some cases, those are the lucky ones. What happens with some of these people how badly injured they are, their lives are so badly destroyed.
And this animal killed eight and he wounded eight or nine. Some are still in the hospital; that was a year and a half ago. And he came in through chain, and he has 22 relatives here that came in because he was here. He has his uncle and his aunt and he has his grandfather.
So, we have to change this and we're going to change it. And here's the last: We have to change -- we have to change a thing called catch and release. This is like for stupid people, catch and release.
Somebody walks across the border, they put their foot on there, not even two feet, just one foot. And you might as well, "Welcome to the United States, we'll never get you out of here," OK?
Remember when I said about a month ago I said, "No, I don't want to" -- they want me to hire thousands of judges, thousands -- can you imagine the corruption that would take place, you're hiring thousands? You go into a barber shop, "Anybody want to be a judge? We need judges." 
They want me to hire thousands. I said, "We don't need judges. We need Border Patrol. We need Border Patrol."
If you have a house and somebody goes to sleep on your lawn, you say, "Sorry, folks, get out of here." If you call the police they're going to remove -- they're going to take -- it's your lawn. This is our country. This is our country. Get the hell out.
And we're doing really well, but we have really bad laws. You know, we're setting record numbers in terms of positive stuff, but we just have bad laws. So catch and release. You catch him, now you take his name and then you release him. And he's supposed to show up to a court hearing.
The problem is, there's thousands and thousands of people, we don't have enough judges, but hopefully the Justice Department will get moving on that. Hopefully. Come on, Justice Department, get us some judges over there, focus, focus.
So, they come back three or four years later but here's the problem: They never come back. They don't come back. Why the hell would they come back?
So, a very tiny percentage comes back. So, you catch a stone-cold criminal, you take his name, you see he's the criminal, you see he's bad in many cases. Catch and release. You catch him and you then release him. And he now goes into your wonderful towns. He now comes to the wonderful state of Pennsylvania. 
Catch and release, we have to end it. So we have to end catch and release. We have to end our lottery system, and we have to end chain migration. And we have to build the wall and we're going to do it.
And Bob Casey is against every one of the things I just said. He wants the lottery system. He wants chain migration. By the way, if you ask him why, he can't -- he wants it because Schumer said to have it.
They think it's good politically. I'll tell you what, I think it's horrible politically. What do I know? But I did become president in like a year and a half.
So, we need Republicans. We need Lou Barletta. He is tough. We need Lou Barletta.  We do. He is tough. They're liking you, Lou. They're liking you. I could have told you that a long time ago.
All you have to do is meet him. All you have to do is see him. I hear that Bob Casey is afraid to debate Lou Barletta. He doesn't want to debate. I hear he's afraid to debate. Is that true? I hear he's afraid to debate.
Oh, I want to watch that debate. I want to be -- is the president of the United States allowed to come into the debate forum, where you probably have 25 people watching, and is he allowed to sit in the front row watching Lou Barletta destroy in the debate Bob Casey?
Am I allowed to that? Because if I am, I'll be there. I'll be there. That will be great entertainment. That'll be great entertainment. I've seen this one before. He's tough. So, I want to thank Republican leadership because America is winning again. Lou said it before, but last week we announced that the U.S. economy grew at 4.1 percent last quarter. Nobody thought that was possible.
And if the Democrats got in, that number would be 1.2, it could even turn negative. It was going to go down. We were set to have -- because of the regulations. It was choking. We were being choked. Don't forget, I approved the Keystone XL pipeline and I approved the Dakota Access pipeline, 48,000 jobs in, like, my first few hours in office.
Since the election, we've added a number that nobody would have believed, and that I would have never said on the campaign trail -- I wouldn't have said it, because they would have done a big number on me -- 3.7 million new jobs, including close to 400,000 jobs in the manufacturing world.
Remember? Remember? Remember when they said manufacturing is dead? Oh, it is? Well, who's going make things? I mean, tell me. "Manufacturing is dead," they said. We've added 400,000 incredible jobs.
And you've heard this but I'm going to say it over and over because I'm really proud of it: Remember I said, "What do you have to lose? What do you have to lose?" African-Americans and so many others, I said, "What do you have to lose? You have high crime rates. You have horrible education. You have this" -- I went through a list of 10, that's what happened. And I looked and I said, "You've been totally giving your votes to Democrats. They've let you down." I said, "What the hell do you have to lose?"
And you know what? This new election and certainly the next one, where we're going to have it just "Keep America Great" -- I tell you, I love those hats, but they're going to be, you know, "Make America Great Again" will morph into "Keep America Great," exclamation point.
But don't lose those hats. They'll be very valuable someday. Make America Great Again, maybe the greatest slogan ever, right? Ronald Reagan had one, "Let's Make America Great." I like it, but ours is better. I like ours better. So, what happened is the African-American unemployment rate has reached the lowest level in the history of our country.
Honestly, think of that number. I really think that's hard for the Democrats to beat. I mean, think of that statement: I got the lowest number for you in the history of our country. How do you top that?
Let's say I'm running against Pocahontas or...  or crazy Bernie. I tell you, I got to hand it to Bernie. I saw him up there the other day, that hair is getting whiter and whiter, and he's getting crazier and crazier. And I saw him, "We'll stop Donald Trump. We'll stop him."
And I looked at my wife, I said, "You know what? You got to hand it to that guy. Man, that guy, he doesn't quit." And that's OK. Crazy Bernie, he is one crazy dude. 
So, I don't know who we're going to run against. I don't know. But when Bernie tells how wonderful things are, think of it, he wants to raise your taxes, he wants to create massive amounts of crime, he wants to open your borders. Think of it. Just think of it.
When he goes out, and I say one thing: "African-American, Hispanic, Asian, you have the lowest level of unemployment in the history of our country," how does somebody fight that, right? How does somebody fight it, right? How do you fight that?
Don't forget, when I was running the last time against Crooked Hillary, what happened? What happened? I had nothing like that. I said I was going to do that, but you had to take my word for it.
One of these guys said recently, "Whether you like him or not, he's actually fulfilled more promises than he made," and I have. And I have. And I had Obamacare done except one guy at 2 o'clock in the morning went in and said...  he went thumbs down, even though he campaigned for years repeal and replace all right.
But we've done a number on Obamacare. We're coming out with tremendous health care plans. We've gotten rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular thing probably in our country.
Gone, gone, no individual mandate, where you have the privilege to pay a fortune as a penalty in order not to pay a fortune for bad health care. Think of that. Is that a good thing? I don't think so.
We got rid of it. It's gone. You know how many people have come up to me and said, "Thank you very much for getting rid of the individual mandate"? Sounds so nice. Isn't it a beautiful term?
The individual mandate is wonderful. See, I'm acting presidential now. The individual mandate.  The individual mandate is a disaster; it sounds good. Like the Affordable Care Act was not affordable.
Remember when Bill Clinton got up, he said, "The problem with the Affordable Care Act is that it's not affordable"? And then you didn't hear from him for two weeks because he got the hell knocked out of him by Crooked Hillary.
For two weeks he went dead silent. They wouldn't let him out of the house. The women's unemployment rate -- I'm sorry, women, damn it -- is the lowest in only 65 years, not history. Sorry. But it'll be low soon. It'll be -- so it's 65 years, 65 years. But I would almost bet within two weeks or the next time this incredible statistical group is relaxed and released, I would say that probably the women will be historic also, right? Right? I think so.
But it's 65 years. I'm doing my best. 52 percent. Oh, the women liked me, you know. They liked me. They liked me. I keep hearing it, but look at all those signs, the pink signs with the women. Look at that. Look at that. The women have been great. And I think they are incredible. They have a harder job than all of us, fellows, let me tell you. The women are great.
And we did great with the women. In fact, I remember, again, on election night they said, "How the hell did this happen?" Remember, they were giving you phony numbers on that, too. The veterans unemployment rate has reached the lowest level in 18 years and that's going to go up.
More than 3.5 million Americans have been lifted off food stamps. More than 4 million Americans are going to receive job training under our new workforce initiative.
Manufacturing, consumer and business confidence has reached the highest level in the history of our country. I'd say that's pretty good. Confidence is a good thing. Having confidence -- what do you think, having confidence is good, right?
If you have confidence and you know what you're doing, you can't lose. That's a great stat, think of it, essentially business the most confident in our country. It's great.
The United States is now a net natural gas exporter for the first time in more than 60 years. And Pennsylvania workers are leading the way. You're leading the way. I don't know if you even know that. Right?
Now that we have the best economy in the history of our country, this is the time to straighten out the worst trade deals ever made by any country on Earth at any time. 
For generations, Pennsylvania steel and Pennsylvania coal made this state the center of the industrial world. The workers of Scranton and Bethlehem and Allentown and Wilkes-Barre were the backbone of American might. They really were the backbone of our country, the backbone of American strength and might. But the loyalty of our workers was repaid with betrayal. You were betrayed by our politicians. You were betrayed by the people that ran our country. But you're not betrayed anymore.
Pennsylvania lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and China joined the WTO. Right now, China is not too happy with me. But I have great respect for President Xi and I have great respect for China. It's not their fault that our leaders were stupid.
For decades, our politicians ran for office pledging to crack down on unfair trade, but they never did it. But once elected, they did absolutely nothing, and our workers and our country got ripped off like no country ever before in the history of the world. We got ripped off. It was a massive, massive transfer of wealth to other countries.
The politicians just watched as other countries stole our jobs, plundered our wealth and looted the crown jewels of the American economy.
But I am not another politician. I keep my promises to the people. I didn't need this. I didn't need this. I didn't need it. I had a very nice life. I didn't need to be -- you know, I used to get, actually, good press. I didn't need this. But I love it.
I love it because we're doing things that are historic. There has never been -- and even these people back here, these horrible horrendous people... 
Even these people back there said, "Look at this. It looks like the Academy Awards there's so many. You ever see this? Is this the Academy Awards you're doing?"
Even these people, they say probably in the history of this country, maybe in the history of the world, there has never been anything like what happened in November of '16. Probably not. Probably never happened. Probably never happened. I really believe there's never been.
I remember watching one, and we were starting to do really well. In that last two weeks I had crowds like this everywhere, we had thousands of people outside they couldn't get in. I said, "So why are we going to lose?" Hillary would come in, she'd have 350 people. 
She'd bring in Beyonce, and then Jay-Z would get up and use language that was so bad, if I ever used that language I'd be run out of the country. They say "Trump's language is very tough." Did you ever hear Jay-Z?
And she'd bring in Bruce Springsteen and then draw crowds...  They were drawing crowds smaller than my crowds. And I said, "Why are we going to lose?" And you know what? We didn't.
But what happened was interesting. Because they started off by saying, "We haven't seen anything like this since Ronald Reagan." I like Ronald Reagan. And then it got bigger and bigger and wilder and wilder, and then we won by a lot. Don't forget it was 306 to 223; that's a lot. Remember?
"There is no way" -- according to fake news CNN, "There is no way for Trump to get to 270" -- you got to get to 270 -- "there is no path" -- remember the expression, ladies and gentlemen? -- "There is no path for Donald Trump to get to 270." No, there wasn't, but 306 was no problem. So, after years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country.
In the numbers that were just released -- the reporters didn't cover this one; to me it was maybe more important than the 4.1, because we're going to be doing a lot better than 4.1 as things go -- for the first time maybe ever, the trade deficit just fell -- think of that -- by, for the quarter, $52 billion. Nobody reports it.
Why don't you report that? Just fell by $52 billion. And because of our economic planning and our charging taxes, or tariffs, to all of the dumpers of steel all over our country, America's steel mills are roaring again. Our country is being respected again, because we are finally putting America first.
We've eliminated a record number of job-crushing regulations. I withdrew the United States from the unfair and very, very expensive for our country Paris Climate Accord. So unfair.  That was another great rip-off. Republicans just passed the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country.
And the Democrats want to lift them way up. Remember that, when you go to vote, they want to end your tax cuts and they want to lift it up so they can waste your money on a lot of nonsense. 
And very importantly, we saved our family farms and our small businesses from the estate tax, also known as the death tax. No longer the death tax. No longer will they pay the estate tax, our family farmers.
The individual mandate's gone, the penalty is gone. Through associate health plans -- you know that -- the association health plans are giving us and allowing Americans to join forces to buy much better health care for a fraction of the cost. And you can go cross state lines and negotiate with everybody you want to negotiate with.
We've invested a record $700 billion in our military and $716 billion next year. We're rebuilding our military with the finest planes, the finest missiles, the finest ships anywhere in the world. We had to do it. We had to do it.
And they're all made in the USA, folks. It's called jobs, too. In that case, much less important, because there's nothing so important as protection on our military. But in this case the only time it's secondarily, it's called jobs, because all of this equipment and all of these brilliant planes -- and everybody else they want to buy, all of them. We have a backlog. We make the greatest military equipment in the world. We make the greatest jets. We make the greatest ships. We make the greatest missiles. We have the anti-missile missiles that shoot down missiles many, many miles away in the sky, like a needle in a haystack. They shoot them down, hard to believe.
And we're surrounding our country with them, by the way, if you don't mind. Remember what other countries said? "We don't want you to put defensive mishes and missiles in your country." You don't want us to put -- explain that to me, please. Remember? They used to get angry when we would put defensive missiles, anti-missile missiles in our country. And so we wouldn't do it.
No thanks. We'll put them in, if you don't mind. And I've directed the Pentagon to begin the process of creating a sixth branch of the United States armed forces called the Space Force. Very important.
We just passed the landmark V.A. accountability law. Now if a bad government worker mistreats or neglects or steals, does anything bad to our great veterans, we turn to them and we say, "You're fired, get the hell out of here." Right?
Got to do it. Got to do it. Maybe most importantly -- that was 40 years they tried to get accountability. But even more, I wanted Veterans Choice, where if a veteran isn't properly served, if they have to wait three, four or five weeks -- can you imagine yourselves, the doctor says, "Oh, that's OK. Come back in 22 days"? People that were not ill end up being terminally ill because they can't see a doctor.
So we passed -- they've been trying to pass it for 40 years, we just passed -- I signed it a month ago, Veterans Choice, where a veteran -- our great, great veterans, if they have to wait for a long period, they go outside, they go to a private doctor and we pay the bill. Right?
I withdrew the United States from the horrible and very expensive -- and a deal that didn't work -- the Iran nuclear deal. And I hope everything's going to be fine with us and Iran. But I will tell you, they are a much different country than they were four months ago. I also recognized the capital of Israel, and five months later we opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem.
Instead of apologizing for America, we are standing up, and we love our country, and we're saying we have a great country. We don't apologize anymore. We're standing up for the heroes who defend America. And we're proudly standing up for our national anthem. 
With every promise we keep, every record we break, and every factory we open, we are restoring American strength and we are restoring American pride. But to continue this incredible movement, we must elect more Republicans so we can get the votes that we need to pass these incredible programs.
And most importantly, get your friends, get your neighbors, and get out and vote for an incredible champion, an incredible winner, Lou Barletta. 
Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We're returning power to where it belongs, to the American people. This is the state where our founding fathers declared our independence, signed our Constitution and defended our God-given rights.
Proud Pennsylvania workers mined the coal, worked the railroads and forged the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of our world. And now it's more powerful and richer than ever before, and it's only going to get better.
From Valley Forge to Gettysburg to Normandy, Pennsylvania patriots gave their sweat, their blood and their very lives to protect our families, our freedom and our great American flag. We stand on the shoulders of these American patriots who knew how to work, knew how to fight and knew how to win. They knew how to win.
With your help, your voice and your vote, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning. We are going to win so much perhaps some of you, but not all, will get tired of winning. Anybody going to get tired of winning? We will never give up, we will never give in, we will never back down, and we will never stop fighting for this land that we love.
Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. We are one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Vote for Lou. Thank you. Vote for Lou. 
Hello, Florida. Hello. Incredible people. I am thrilled to be in this great state where we, by the way, had a great victory. With thousands of hardworking American patriots who love our country and respect our great American flag.
We're honored to be joined tonight by some tremendous people. Congressman Gus Bilirakis. Gus! Where is Gus? Where is Gus? Where is Gus? Ted Yoho and Matt Gaetz. Thank you. Great, fellows. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you, fellows. I also want to recognize State Representative Jose Oliva and the former co-chairman of my Florida campaign, Representative Joe Gruters. Joe? Thank you, Joe. Thank you. 
And finally  I love you, too. I'd like to introduce a true leader, a proud veteran, my great friend, a tough, brilliant cookie.  True. He's tough, he's smart, and he loves Florida, and he loves our country, and he's going to be your next governor, Ron DeSantis. 
Thank you. Thank you, Ron. And everybody needs to support Ron DeSantis in our August 28th primary and in the November general election, don't forget. You have somebody, one of the group is going to be running on open borders, anti-ICE, anti-law enforcement. 
Oh, that's too bad, that's too bad. That's too bad. That's too bad. One person  one person, and tomorrow the headlines will be massive protests.  Too bad. Sorry about that, Ron. Earlier today I also spent time with your current Governor, one of our nation's truly great leaders, Rick Scott.
As you know, Rick is running to replace liberal Democrat, Schumer-controlled, Nancy Pelosi-controlled ...  ... And the new star of the Democrat Party, Maxine Waters.  Name is Bill Nelson, and you know I live a lot of time in Florida. The only time I see Bill Nelson is five months before every election. 
And after a while you forget, who's the Senator? But around five months you see him at parties and you see him around and we have to be careful, because we have to make sure that Rick Scott wins and wins big. Bill Nelson voted for Obamacare, which has been a totally disastrous situation.  And we got rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular aspect and most of Obamacare will be gone very soon.
In fact, it was gone until one gentleman decided at 2:00 in the morning ...  Remember? Thank you very much, we appreciate it. And he voted against tax cuts, and he wants to go in there and raise your taxes. Tell me, is that good politics? I don't think so. Bill Nelson voted in favor of sanctuary cities ...  He opposed Kate's Law. Bill Nelson puts criminal aliens before American citizens, which is why it's time to vote Bill Nelson out of office. That's what's going to happen.
And we have two unbelievable people  Ron DeSantis, Rick Scott  fighting for Florida. They always will. And fighting to make America great again. That's what they're doing. That's what they're doing.
So  I'm sure we all say this about our children, but I have great children. And a couple of them-plus are here tonight. I have Eric Trump, who's been fantastic. He loves this political stuff. Eric's wife, Lara, who is so great. I think she singlehandedly won the state of North Carolina for Trump.
Thank you, Lara. Didn't hurt in Pennsylvania, either. Thank you very much. And we have somebody that nobody ever heard of, Ivanka. Ivanka.
Thank you. And, you know, we have a big thing happening because you know this  look at all those hats. White ones, red ones, they all have the same thing, "Make America Great."
Well, make America great again. Only to be replaced by "Keep America Great" in about, I don't know, I guess we could do it now but let's wait another year. We could do it right now, frankly. We're doing fantastically well.
I also want to thank David Bossie for being here, Corey Lewandowski for being here, two of our great supporters.
I'll tell you, they are two fighters. We like fighters, don't we? We started off, it was a small group. They said it couldn't be done. It was actually done quite easily. We won quite handily. We were never left center stage.
You know what that means, right? The debates. We never left center stage. And I said, "I always want odd numbers." Because I want to be in the center. I didn't want to be tied for the center. Does everybody understand?
But we never  we never left center stage. And I'll tell you. Corey, David, Ivanka, Lara, Eric, Don, Jr., all of them, they were fantastic. They were fantastic. And I have to say, our First Lady is home watching. Look at all those cameras right there. She's home watching. And everybody loves Melania. They love Melania. Great. Doing a fantastic thing. She's doing a fantastic job.
Just last week, it was announced that the U.S. economy grew at 4.1 percent last quarter. It was a number that everybody said was not reachable. And I would never want to say it during the campaign, even though I believed it. I believed it, because they would not have given us the break. Fake news, fake news. 
They are fake. No, I mean, do you believe  look at this: Every night, it's the same thing. Wouldn't you think they'd get tired of these speeches? Wouldn't you think?
And here's one thing I'll tell you: If they don't get ratings, those speeches don't go on, doesn't matter. Look how many they have back there. They just can't get enough. They can't get enough. They cannot get enough. And by the way, outside, if you want to go, we set up, for the first time, a tremendous movie screen, because we have thousands and thousands of people outside that couldn't get in.
So we have a big screen and big loudspeakers, and I hope you're all happy out there. This is a great place to be. If you've got to be outside, be outside in the great state of Florida, right? Right? So we're setting records like never before. Since the election, we have added 3.7 million new jobs. They would not have believed that.
We're in the longest positive job growth streak in history. Think of that. Remember, I said, "What do you have to lose?," right? What do I  OK? What do you have to lose? And people said, "I don't know." Is that a nice thing? No, it's not nice, or not un-nice. What do you have to lose?
The African-American unemployment rate has reached the lowest level in history  history.
Thank you. You guys are great. Thank you. Blacks for Trump. They say, "Blacks for Trump." You knew a long time ago, didn't you, huh? You knew a long time ago. Thank you, folks. Thank you. The Hispanic unemployment rate is at the lowest level in history, Hispanic. The Asian unemployment rate has reached the lowest level in history.
Sorry about this, women, but the employment rate has reached the lowest level in only 65 years. It'll be history soon. It'll be. It'll be history soon. Give us about two more weeks. 
The veterans' unemployment rate  oh, do we love our veterans, right? Has reached the lowest level in 18 years. More than 3.5 million Americans have been lifted off food stamps since the election. American oil production is at an all-time high, we have never produced as much. And the United States is now a net natural gas exporter for the first time in more than 60 years  60. We will very shortly be the largest in the world in energy, the largest in the world, think of that.
And most importantly, America is being respected again, we're respected again. And I told the story the other day, I get to meet all these world leaders. Virtually everyone comes into the Oval Office or wherever we're meeting and they don't know me. I'm meeting them in many cases for the first time. I'm not sure they like me, like in the case of NATO. I said you got to pay your bills, folks, got to pay up, got to pay up.
But they liked it, they liked it. But everyone that reached me says hello, Mr. President, congratulations on what you've done for the economy. It's the talk of the world, talk of the world. Now that we have the best economy in the history of our country, this is the time to straighten out the worst trade deals ever made by any country on Earth, they are the worst.
For decades, United States was the piggy bank that everybody was robbing. All of these other countries, our friends, our enemies, our allies...  The foe, foe. We rebuilt China paying hundreds of billions of dollars a year with nobody there to protect your money. But you're there now, we are protecting your money.
And I want to thank our farmers, our farmers are true patriots. Because China and others have targeted  China and others, remember this, have targeted our farmers.  Not good, not nice. And you know what our farmers are saying? It's OK, we can take it. These are incredible people, we can take it.
You know why? They target our farmers because they know it's one of our great strengths. It's us, it's not me, it's us altogether. They know it's one of our great strengths.
We won every farm state, you're going to see that middle of that map  wasn't even the middle, it was about everything but a little corners of each side. But you have to see, that is all red, Republican red, beautiful, Republican red.
And remember this, remember this. Farms have been on a decline, I mean it's been for 15 years. I've only been here for, you know  it's pretty soon going to be close to two years.
But if you look at soybeans  big crop. If you go back to Election Day and then move back five years, so five years before Election Day, soybeans dropped 50 percent in price. I wasn't even here, so now we're going to open up markets, We're going to do it the way it should be. And all of this stuff, you're going to make it back and it's going to be made back faster than anybody would know.
But we haven't been treated right. We're going to make it back nice and quickly. Nice and quickly. Now, after years of rebuilding foreign countries, it's time to finally rebuild our country, right? Wouldn't you say? Right?
In the past, politicians ran for office pledging to crack down on unfair trade. They never did anything about it. Only to get elected, and they just didn't do anything. The United States was allowed to truly get ripped off. 
But we're not going to let that happen. I'm not like other politicians. You've seen what happens. I've kept my promises. One of the brilliant pundits that has a  doesn't have a clue. I mean, these people, how they have gotten us wrong. And you know what they were asking, Election Day, "Where did all these people come from? Where did they come from?"
In Tennessee, that was an early state. They came in and they were pouring in with the early vote. And the fake news was saying, "Where are these people coming from?" 
You know where they came from? They came from the heart. They came from people that were never happy with anybody until we came along. That's where they came from. That's where they came from.
But one of the pundits said that "He's made a lot of promises. And you won't believe it, but he's actually kept far more promises than he made." Did you ever hear that one? So. Of course they'll probably be throwing him out of broadcasting tomorrow.
We've taken the toughest-ever actions in response to China's abusive trade practices. And we're doing very well with China, very well. And I have a lot of respect for China. And I have tremendous respect for President Xi of China. But this has been too many years of abuse, $500 billion a year. $500 billion. We've helped rebuild China. We can't do that anymore. 
We can't do that anymore. And our farmers understand it, and our workers understand it. And, frankly, our companies understand it. I was with one of the greatest companies in the world. The chief executive officer, very short while ago. And it really affects him. He said, "You know what, this does affect our company. But, Mr. President, keep going. You're doing the right thing." I thought it was great.
I thought it was great. A great company, one of the greatest. He said, "You're doing the right thing." And I said, "I appreciate it." Thanks to our powerful trade policies, the trade deficit is falling and falling and falling. And, boy, did it fall this quarter. The days of plundering American jobs and American wealth, those days are over, they're over. America first  America first. We're also living by two very important rules, buy American and hire American.
Last week I visited with hundreds of American steel workers, who were laid off years ago because other countries were dumping steel all over our country. They're not dumping so much anymore, you notice? And if they do, they're paying a 25 percent tariff or tax.
So you know what I say to that? Dump all you want. I hope you dump a lot.  Now thanks to our tariffs, our steel workers are back on the job, American steel mills are back open for business, we are starting to set new records and nobody believed it could happen this quickly.
U.S. Steel just announced that they're building six new steel mills. And that number's soon going to be lifted, but I'm not allowed to say that, so I won't. 
And I'm very proud to report that NuCor is going to build a brand new $240 million steel mill  that's a big one, right here in Florida, the head of NuCor is here. Thank you, thank you  head of NuCor.
That's a big one. Democrats want to raise your taxes, they want to destroy your jobs...  They want to crush our industries with crippling regulations, and you know the stock market is up almost 40 percent since that great November day. Your 401Ks are doing very well, 401Ks.
I tell the story, I was in New York and I shake hands. I love law enforcement  do we love law enforcement? And I was shaking hands with policemen in New York City, and the first one came up to me and said Mr. President, I want to thank you so much. I said what did I do? He said my 401K is up 44 percent and my wife thinks I'm, for the first time, a financial genius. 
She's giving him all the credit. She said  she said darling, I love you so much and he said yes, I'm a great financial wizard.  But he said you're looking  you're just making me look so good, and all of you  who has 401Ks here? I guarantee you one thing, I have your vote. I guarantee it.  Of course, if the fake news did a poll, they're called suppression polls. 
You know, polls are fake, just like everything else.  If the fake news did a poll, it would show that I'm only getting 25 percent with the 401K people, even though they're up 44 percent. No, we got  we're doing well. We're doing well, and I'm happy you're doing well.
They just came out with a poll  did you hear? The most popular person in the history of the Republican Party is Trump. Can you believe this?
So I said, "Does that include honest Abe Lincoln?" You know, he was pretty good, right? Remember, I said, when I'd be a little bit wild, and we'd have a lot of fun, they'd say, "He's not acting presidential," and I'd say, "Well, it's a lot easier to act presidential than to do what I do." Anybody can act presidential.
Ladies and gentlemen of the state of Florida, thank you very much for being here. You are tremendously people, and I will leave now, because I am boring you to death. Thank you.
No, but I said, "I can be  " I used to tell them all the time, the fake news, I'd say, "I can be more presidential than any president in history, except for possibly Abe Lincoln with the big hat." I  I don't know about that. Abe  Abe looked pretty presidential, right? What do you think? He's tough. He's tough. I admit it: Abe Lincoln is tough. But we love Abe Lincoln.
One of these guys, when that poll came out  most popular  and it was in the 90s. And one of these guys is on television. You know, can't miss a word. Can't miss a word. Every  they see the poll. "Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Look at this. Oh, my God." Yeah, seven more years, seven more.
Seven more. "Oh, my God. We've got to find something. We've got to do anything  anything  to get him out. He's doing too well. This is not good."
Worst of all, Democrats want to  you know that. They want to open our borders. They want to let crime, tremendous crime into our country. We can't do it. 
Republicans want strong borders and no crime; Democrats want open borders, which equals massive crime. And on top of that, the Democrats  Nancy Pelosi, the whole group, Maxine  Maxine. She likes me a lot. She likes me a lot.  They've launched outrageous attacks on our incredible law enforcement officers, and on ICE and our Border Patrol, can you believe it? 
People that keep us safe. Their new platform, what they want to do  the Democrat Party, they want to abolish ICE. So in other words, they want to let MS-13 rule our country. That's not going to happen. 
Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities and towns from savage gangs like MS-13 that are occupying our country like another nation would. We want maximum border security and respect for our heroes, ICE, Border Patrol and law enforcement. And we're going to have tremendous border security that will include the wall  that will include the wall.
Now a lot of people don't know it but we've already started the wall. We got $1.6 billion and we've started large portions of the wall, but we're going to need  even the way we negotiate, we're going to need more and we're going to get more and we may have to do some pretty drastic things, but we're going to get it.
Because the Democrats  the Democrats are not voting for what we want to do and they're not voting and allowing our values to take place in our country. 
We're tracking down the gang members and we're tracking down the drug dealers and the child predators and the criminal aliens and we're throwing them in jail or throwing them the hell out of our country. In some states, Democrats are even trying to give illegal immigrants the right to vote. They want to give them the right to vote. 
Yeah, what about all of those people that are waiting in line for 7, 8, 9, 10 years trying to get into our country, they don't have the right to vote. We believe that only American citizens should vote in American elections -- Which is why the time has come for voter ID like everything else, voter ID.
You know, if you go out and you want to buy groceries, you need a picture on a card, you need ID. You go out and you want to buy anything, you need ID and you need your picture. In this country, the only time you don't need it in many cases is when you want to vote for a president, when you want to vote for a senator, when you want to vote for a governor or a congressman, it's crazy, it's crazy. 
But we're turning it around. Remember I said it's awfully early to be thinking this, but I always think it, remember the attack on Merry Christmas, they're not attacking it anymore. Everyone is happy to say Merry Christmas, right? Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas. That was under siege. You have these big department stores they say, "Happy Holidays." I say, "Where is the Merry Christmas?" Now they're all putting up Merry Christmas again and that's because  only because of our campaign.
And by the way, the evangelicals and Paula White, Pastor Paula White, the evangelicals have been so amazing to us. They came out and they voted 84 percent and doubled and tripled the numbers that ever voted in an election before. We love the evangelical Christians.
If you want safety, if you want borders, if you want to have a country, then you need to go out and vote Republican. And very importantly, you need to go out and vote for Ron DeSantis for governor of Florida.
The lobbyists and special interests fighting against my administration, many of them are globalist. They care what happens in other countries. I care what's happening in the USA.  They're the geniuses who came up with our terrible trade deals one after another, how about NAFTA, remember when they signed NAFTA? 
Remember they signed NAFTA and everybody just moved their companies down to Mexico and these people were saying, "Isn't that a wonderful thing?" No, it's not a wonderful thing and those companies are now moving back.
These are the people who lost trillions of dollars overseas and who gave us our horrible immigration laws. These laws are the worst. I am for America first and the American worker. We want to be a puppet for no one any longer. We're not going to be a puppet any longer.
My only special interest is you, the citizens of the United States. I've had a great career. I've got a lot of fun, even in Florida, I've had a great career, I've had a lot of fun. I've done great. I've done really well, beyond anything I could've ever expected. And then I ran for president with no experience and I won. Isn't that -- But you actually won.
You know, I told the story the other day, I was probably in Washington in my entire life 17 times. True, 17 times. I don't think I ever stayed overnight. You know what I'm getting at, right? And we have a great cabinet now, a couple of little changes. But we have a great cabinet. We have  Mike Pompeo, our Secretary of State. So many great people. And we're really getting  we have just incredible people.
But I made some choices that I wouldn't have made. But I'm riding down Pennsylvania Avenue. Again, I've only been here about 17 times. And probably seven of those times was to check out the hotel I'm building on Pennsylvania Avenue and then I hop on the plane and I go back. So I've been there 17 times, never stayed there at night. I don't believe. And then I'm riding down in this beautiful car, picked up at the airport by Secret Service, holding the hand of our great first lady.
And I look at her and I say, "Honey, guess what, I'm president of the United States!" President of the United States. And I didn't know anybody in Washington, but now I know everybody in Washington. I know the good ones. I know the bad ones. I know the wonderful people and I know the scum. And America now is winning again like they haven't won before.
We passed the biggest tax cuts and reform in American history, biggest cuts in history. More than 100 utilities have slashed rates for consumers including right here from Duke Energy and Tampa Electric. Your rates have gone down.
Over $300 billion poured back into the United States in the first quarter, and we expect to be taking back because of our new tax cut and reform plan that passed bigger than anything ever in our country. We expect to be taking back from overseas over $4 trillion. That's a lot of money  could never have come back before.
And if our opponent had won and the Democrats had won, they would've put more regulations on. They would've raised your taxes. They would've opened your borders, gotten rid of law enforcement. They would not have helped your military. And you know what? Our country would be going to hell.
And instead of going up, the market would be half of what it was if we're lucky, because frankly the tax cuts were incredible to what we've done. But maybe even more important are the cuts in these horrible regulations that didn't allow anybody to do anything, job-killing regulations. We've gotten rid of more regulations than any president in the history of the United States. And that's done in less than two years. I withdrew the United States from the unfair one-sided very, very expensive job-killing Paris Climate Accord.
We repealed the core of Obamacare. The individual mandate is gone. You know, the individual mandate. That's a beauty. Only the past administration could have come up with this. That's where you pay a lot of money for the privilege of not paying in order to have poor health care. Other than that, it's a wonderful thing.
So you pay all this money for the privilege of not having to pay and the health care is no good to start off with. And we're doing great on health care. We're allowing Americans to buy better health care for less money through association health plans, including across state lines, bidding, you're getting tremendous competition. We passed the biggest VA reform in half a century, Veteran's Choice. If our veterans can't get the care they need from the VA, they will have the right to go see a private doctor. We'll pay for the doctor. And frankly, we'll save a lot of money. We'll help a lot of vets.
Everybody said they've been trying to get it for 45 years, everybody said you can't get it. Think of it. Think of it. Veterans Choice, they have to stand  our great people. These are our great people. Who's a veteran in this audience? Do you like Trump? Do you like the job we're doing?
Now, think of it, 45 years, everybody said you'll never get it passed. And I used to say before I really was well-versed on the veteran situation in health care, I used to say all the time, "Why don't they just let the folks go to a doctor?" They'd wait in line for 7 days, 9 days, 14 days, 21 days. Some of them started off with a very modest problem. They end up being terminal because they can't see a doctor.
I said, "Why don't they just let them go see a local private doctor, pay the bill and take care of it?" It will be a lot less expensive. And it's turned out to be something that the veterans love. And it's passed. It's passed.
They've been trying to get it passed for 38 years. The other one is 45, and that's VA accountability. If somebody treated our veterans badly, if they stole, if they was  if they were  you know this, if they were sadistic, if they were really bad to our vets, all right? Really, really bad, we couldn't do anything about it. They could steal. They could rob. They could be abusive. You couldn't say, "You're fired." Now you can say, "You're fired."
Made a big difference. That was another one they said you'll never get it done between civil service and unions. We love them both. But between civil service and unions they said, "You'll never get it done. You'll never get it approved." And by the way, we had virtually no help, very little from Democrats. Very little. Not because it's not right, but because they don't want to give Trump any victory. They'll do everything that's wrong.
Look at Judge Kavanaugh. This is a great, great highly respected man. And the good news is the Republicans, I believe, are close to a hundred percent, which is what we need. But so far, the Democrats haven't given us any votes, and that's because they will do anything they can to not help the Trump agenda, even though they know it's wrong. 
And Brett Kavanaugh, highest education, best grades, best tests, best everything. They thought 15 years ago he was going to be a Supreme Court judge. Look at Justice Gorsuch, how good is he? How good is he?
So we're getting them through. But it's not easy because they really are. You know, their term that they use is, "resist." It's actually resist and obstruct. Whatever they can do to resist and obstruct. And frankly, they're lousy politicians. They have horrible policy. The one thing they're good at, they stick together and they obstruct. And it's unfortunate.
You know, we have almost 400 people trying to get into government, many of whom have left their jobs and the Democrats are holding them up with maximum delay. They're holding them up, not allowing these great people to serve their country. It's a disgrace. That's Chuck Schumer, and it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. But we'll get that Supreme Court judge, and that's the big one. That's the big one.
Really important for those who love our military, we have secured a record $700 billion for our military with another $716 billion next year all approved. And this is great news for the incredible patriots at MacDill Air Force Base, the proud home of the Sixth Air Mobility Wing U.S. Central Command and Special Operations Command. Come on! We're adding nearly 30,000 new soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines and we have secured the largest pay raise for our great warriors in a decade.
I've also directed the Pentagon to begin the process of creating the sixth branch of our military, the space force  building the space force. And we're doing well in North Korea, although I happen to think that we're doing so well with China that China maybe is getting in our way. But we're going to figure that one out before you can even think about it.
But we're doing well in North Korea. We have our  as you know, we have our hostages back. There's been no nuclear testing. There's been no missiles or rockets flying beautifully over Japan. I think our relationship is very good with Chairman Kim, and we'll all see how it all works out. But there's nothing like talking, and we'll see how it is. You remember when I first took office? It really looked like big trouble.
In the past administration, they thought that was by far their biggest problem. So I think it's going to work out very well. But a lot of good things are happening. No tests. No rockets flying. But we'll see what happens.
And our Vice President, Mike Pence, is going to Hawaii to bring back the remains and to greet the families of our great heroes who gave their lives in Korea. Our fallen warriors are finally coming home to lay at rest in American soil. 
I also withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided, $150 billion was paid  $1.8 billion in cash. The Iran nuclear deal, it's a horror show. I hope it works out well with Iran, they're having a lot of difficulty right now. I hope it works out well. And I have a feeling they'll be talking to us pretty soon. And maybe not and that's okay too.
In December, I recognized Israel's true capital, Jerusalem. And in about five months we opened already the American embassy in Jerusalem. And people had that scheduled for anywhere from five to ten years and you all know the story. We took an existing building. We played around with it. We renovated it. We fixed it up. We use Jerusalem stone, one of the finest stones actually in the world, Jerusalem stone. So, instead of spending 1 billion and the papers were right in front of me  sir, would you please approve this? What is it? This is for the embassy in Israel, American, sir. I said, "How much?" "$1 billion, Sir. 1 billion!"
I immediately called our great ambassador to Israel, David Friedman  very successful man, great lawyer, one of the most successful lawyers in the country before he decided to do what he's doing. I said, "David, they want us to pay a billion dollars for the embassy. I don't want to pay a billion dollars." I said, "Study it  do you have any buildings that we own?" We own so much we don't even know what the hell we own. "Find some building in a great location. Call me back."
Called me back two days later. He said, "Mr. President, Sir, we own the best site in Jerusalem. It's big. It's beautiful and it's got a building on it. I can take that building and renovate it. I can do it for $140,000."
I said, "David, how good is the site?" "We could never buy a better site." They were willing to spend tens of millions for a site. They wanted to buy a site which was so bad. It was totally inferior to what we already had. Don't forget, we get there first, right? You know, we have good sites.
And I said, "David, do me a favor, don't make it $140,000. Sounds too cheap. Make it like 400,000. That's okay too, David." So we saved almost a billion dollars. I could tell you these stories all day long, airplane purchases. I could tell you all day long.
And we started working  and for $400,000, we actually have a very beautiful American Embassy in Jerusalem  really beautiful. Now, that's one I guarantee no other president is doing. Can you imagine crooked Hillary doing that? Can you, honestly? Can you imagine? 
In all fairness  in all fairness to her, could you imagine anybody else doing that? Nobody else. Nobody else is going to do that. And I could tell you stories about what we've saved with purchases of military equipment, General Mattis would be glad to tell you  but he can't believe it. And some of the generals have said they've never seen anything like it in the world  they've never seen. Because I want that $700 billion properly spent.
If we can buy twice the number of aircraft or have a lot of money left over that's what we want. Instead of apologizing for America we're standing up for America. We're standing up for the heroes who protect America and, yes, we are proudly standing up for our great national anthem. 
With every promise we keep, every record we break, every factory we open, we are restoring American strength and American pride. But to continue this incredible moment of this incredible movement  and that's what we have, we have a movement. This may be, in fact it probably is, the greatest movement in the history of our country. Even they will say that. Even they will say that.
But to keep it going we need to elect more Republicans. We need more votes. And we need to elect Ron DeSantis as your governor. Got to do it. And I'm telling you, I know him well, he's a great, great guy. He is going to be an incredible governor, I have no doubt  I have no doubt. I don't do these endorsements easily. I don't need to be here but I happen to love this state so it (inaudible).
And I don't do them easily. Although, it seems to have an impact. The other day we endorsed a great gentleman from Georgia. He was probably five points down. He won the election by 40 points.
He got 70 percent of the vote  the 30 (ph), think of that. Great guy. And many others. I mean, we could go over one after another, after  they're actually starting to give us credit for this. I don't think there's ever been anything like it.
That's why I had to be here to formally  you know, I've been endorsing Ron, I've been saying great things but I wanted to be here to formally endorse Ron, you got to get out and vote.
Thank you, Ms. DeSantis, thank you. Thank you. Beautiful family. Get your friends, get your colleagues, get your neighbors and get out and vote in November. You've got to do it because, remember, we're going to win this primary but don't take any chances. Nice lead  nice lead. Don't take any chances. And then about, give yourself about 10,15 minutes of happiness and then go back to work for November.
Because we have to remember they're putting up  I know some of the candidates, these are people that don't care about stopping crime. These are people that don't care about people pouring into our country when they shouldn't be here.
They don't care about stopping drugs from poisoning our youth and pouring over the border, they don't care.  Your future governor cares. And your current governor cares, Rick Scott.
Loyal citizens like you, incredible people from the great state of Florida helped build this country. And, together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to where it belongs, the American people.
This state was settled by pioneers and visionaries who explored the marshes and raised up cities right on the sea. This state was built by red-blooded American patriots who opened the force Naval Air Station at Pensacola and launched the first brave Americans soaring into the heavens. We stand on the shoulders of generations of proud Americans who knew how to work, knew how to fight, and knew how to win. Win.
And you know, when you elect Ron DeSantis as your governor  because you see it already, we're winning so much. Some people are getting a little tired of winning, right?
Well, by then it will be another year and two years and three years and you'll be insisting, Governor DeSantis, please see our president, it's too much winning. We can't  we can't stand it. The people of Florida, we can't stand it.
Because under previous administrations we never won. We got used to never winning. And he's going to come to me, in Washington, in the Oval office  the beautiful Oval Office  and he's going to say, Mr. President, the people of Florida are just down-right tired of winning, they can't stand it. 
It's just too much, Mr. President. The economy is too good. The jobs are too strong. We're doing too well, is there anything you can do? I'm going to say, "Ron, I don't care what you say, we're going to keep on winning."
We're going to keep on winning. We're going to win so much and the people of Florida actually love, don't they? They love it. Remember what I said right at the beginning, we're respected again. And that man is respected and always has been. We will never give up. We will never give in. We will never, ever back down and we will never, ever surrender. Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue.
We are one people. We are one family. And we are one glorious nation under god. And together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again! Thank you Florida! Thank you.
Well, it's going to be an interesting time in the UK, and it's certainly going to be an interesting time with NATO. NATO has not treated us fairly, but I think we'll work something out. We pay far too much and they pay far too little. But we will work it out, and all countries will be happy. With the UK, that's a situation that's been going on for a long time.
So I have NATO, I have the UK, which is in somewhat turmoil, and I have Putin. Frankly, Putin may be the easiest of them all. Who would think? Who would think? But the UK certainly has a -- they have a lot of things going on.
I have not. No, I have not. But Boris Johnson is a friend of mine. He's been very, very nice to me and very supportive. And maybe we'll speak to him when I get over there. I like Boris Johnson. I've always liked him.
Well, that's up to the people. I get along with her very well. I have a very good relationship. That's certainly up to the people, not up to me.
Well, we do have a lot of allies, but we cannot be taken advantage of. We're being taken advantage of by the European Union. We lost $151 billion last year on trade. And on top of that, we spend at least 70 percent for NATO. And, frankly, it helps them a lot more than it helps us. So we'll see what happens. We have a long, beautiful week.
I will say also, last night was an incredible evening. Brett Kavanaugh has gotten rave reviews -- rave reviews -- actually, from both sides. And I think it's going to be a beautiful thing to watch over the next month. But he has gotten rave reviews.
I really can't say right now. As far as I'm concerned, a competitor. A competitor. I think that getting along with Russia, getting along with China, getting along with others is a good thing, not a bad thing. I've said that many times for many years. So we'll see. We're meeting with Vladimir Putin on Monday. We'll see how that goes.
They didn't give it. I have it for him. They didn't give it. But it will be given at a certain period. I actually do -- I actually do have a little gift for him, but you'll find out what that gift is when I give it.
No, I haven't. I really haven't. We haven't discussed it.
Well, I have a solution: Tell people not to come to our country illegally. That's the solution. Don't come to our country illegally. Come like other people do; come legally.
I'm saying this, very simply: We have laws. We have borders. Don't come to our country illegally. It's not a good thing. And as far as ICE is concerned, the people that are fighting ICE, it's a disgrace. These people go into harm's way. There is nobody under greater danger than the people from ICE. What they do to MS-13 and everything else.
So we ought to support ICE, not do what the Democrats are doing. Democrats want open borders, and they don't mind crime. We want no crime, and we want borders where borders mean something. And remember this: Without borders, you do not have a country.  Thank you, everybody.
Well, thank you, Montana. What a place. What a place. And it's great to be here tonight with thousands of proud, hard-working American patriots. Thank you.
And outside, you probably know what's going on. There are thousands and thousands of people. And we've decided from now on, we're going to put up screens and loud speakers so people can stay around. Because this happens all the time.
I said to my people why didn't you get a larger arena. We can't, right? We can't. But those are great people outside and I apologize. But there are thousands of them and -- yes. We really -- really love them. But you people know real estate better. You know real estate better. So it's pretty good stuff. And you're inside and I'm inside and we love each other and it's going to stay that way.
So we are thrilled to be joined by some great people. You just heard Steve Daines. He has been so helpful. He has been so helpful in Washington on the tax cuts and everything else. And I want to thank Steve and his family. They have been incredible for me in Washington. Thank you, Steve. I appreciate it.
And Steve and I are running again. You know, 2020 he comes up, so we're running together, Steve. And I want to thank Greg Gianforte. He's a member of Congress who has been 100 percent with us. Incredible success story. A lot of people don't know that but Greg is an incredible success and did a really good job and then he said he wants to give back.
And Greg, you have been fantastic. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Montana Attorney General Tim Fox. Thank you, Tim. Secretary of State, Corey Stapleton. Thank you, Corey. Montana Republican Party Chairwoman Deborah Lamb. Superintendent of Public Instructions Elsie Arntzen.
And finally, the person that we are here for tonight. A very special person, ran a incredible primary, wouldn't you say? Incredible? Anytime you win, it's incredible. But he did against some very tough and good competition. And hey, he's going to be your next senator from the incredible state of Montana. Matt Rosendale. Come up, Matt. Come up, Matt.
Thank you very much. That was great. This is a really good man. This is a man that loves the people of Montana, loves the people of this country.
It's time to retire liberal Democrat Jon Tester. And you're going to get on your side a real Montana fighter. You see it. You've been watching for the last six months, he is a tough cookie. He's a fighter. He's going to fight for you, Matt Rosendale.
So Jon Tester says one thing when he's in Montana. But I will tell you, I'm testament to it, he does the exact opposite when he goes to Washington. A vote for Jon Tester is a vote for Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, and the new leader of the Democrat Party Maxine Waters. Where have they gone?
Jon Tester voted no on repealing Obamacare. And even though we got a little surprise vote that evening, you all remember that evening somebody came in with a thumbs down after campaigning for years that he was going to repeal and replace. But that's OK because we, for the most part, have already done it.
And we have great health care coming out and it just came out two weeks ago. And we got rid of the individual mandate and lots of other things. Sometimes we have to do it the hard way, but that's OK, too.
Jon Tester voted no on tax cuts for Montana families. He voted no on cutting the estate tax or the death tax for your farms, your farmers, and your small businesses. Think of that one. Think of that one. But you got it anyway because we got it passed.
So, on your farms, for the most part, you will have no estate tax or death tax to pay. You can leave your farm, you can leave your small business to your children or whoever you want to leave them, don't always leave them to the children. If the children aren't good children don't, leave them to somebody else.
But you have no tax to pay, pretty good, right? Nobody thought that was going to happen. Tester voted against it. Jon Tester voted no on legislation to stop late term abortions. You wouldn't think it'd play very well out here. How did he get elected?
I mean, I know -- I know a lot of people from Montana. You've got to explain that one to me. How did he get elected? All right. You can right your wrong in November, OK? You can right your wrong. Matt Rosendale.
Jon Tester voted no on Kate's Law. You know what Kate's Law is. That's legislation named for Kate Steinle who was gunned down by a five-time deported illegal immigrant. You deserve a senator who doesn't just talk like he's from Montana. You deserve a senator who actually votes like he's from Montana.
Tester even voted no on enhanced vetting for refugees from terror-stricken countries. You believe this one? What's going on with that? The Democrats want open borders, which means lots of crime.
We want tough, strong, powerful borders, and we want no crime and we're going to protect ICE. We protect ICE. They protect us and we protect them.
They protect us and we protect them. You saw that clown yesterday on the Statue of Liberty? You see the guys that went up there? I wouldn't have done it. I would have said let's get some nets and let's wait until she comes down. Just get some nets. Really? Yes.
You see those guys -- the bravery of doing that? What a group. We protect ICE, and our border patrol, and our law enforcement, and our fire department.
And our fire department. We protect our people. Jon Tester opposed our travel ban to keep America safe, which, by the way, I'm proud to report that last week the Supreme Court of the United States just upheld the Trump travel ban.
And they gave us the authority to protect our nation, keep our nation safe -- to keep it safe. As you know, there's now a vacancy on the Supreme Court. And if you turn in Monday at 9 o'clock, I think you're going to be extremely with the selection, right?
And they're all great. They're all great. And I want to thank Justice Kennedy for his lifetime of truly distinguished service. And he had confidence in me. He left because he said you're going to pick somebody great, and so nice. So nice. Great man, great --a great gentleman.
Jon Tester voted against Neil Gorsuch, the incredible justice who supports fully our Constitution. That's a hard one to vote against, isn't it? Tester opposed many of our amazing judges. And yet, I see Jon Tester saying such nice things about me. I say, yes, but he never votes for me. He never votes. And it's all -- I'd rather have him say bad about me but vote, right?
Yes, Jon Tester voted for liberal Obama judges who tried to take away your Second Amendment, tried to take it away because Tester doesn't share your values. Jon Tester showed his true colors with his shameful dishonest attacks on a great man, a friend of mine. A man that I said, why don't you run the V.A.? You'd be great. Navy Admiral Ronny Jackson.
And a report just came out, and I should have brought it because I would have read it, but it's long but beautiful for Ronny Jackson. Secret Service are all over the place. And they wrote a report that what he said was so false and so untrue. Never happened. And they could have ruined -- they could have ruined -- could have ruined a lesser man.
But Dr. Jackson -- I don't know do I -- should I call him "admiral" or "doctor" -- I'll call him both. Doctor slash Admiral. He's a doctor, he's an Admiral, his son is a top -- really a top, like a top, top student at Annapolis graduating this year. An incredible wife, incredible family.
You know I feel guilty. I feel guilty. Admiral Jackson was getting ready to leave service and he served many years admirably. Not a blemish. Perfect. Beautiful person. A lot of you know exactly. He actually said I was healthy. You know he's the one.
When the fake news started and said why isn't Trump giving the physical? Why? Dr. Jackson and his staff, they went out, they gave me a physical. That was a physical.  And when they said I'm very healthy, the news was devastated.
They were devastated. They didn't want to hear that. They didn't want to hear that. But he's a great family man and -- and I said to him, I feel guilty. I said, hey, doc, why don't you run the V.A.? You're a leader, you're an Admiral, people admire you.
He's an admired guy or I wouldn't have done it. Well, sir, I wasn't really thinking of that. I say, doc, you'll be great. Go ahead and do it. Sir, whatever your order, I will do. You know he's like, even if he didn't want to do it, he said that to me.
In fact, you're great First Lady said to me that same day, well, did he want to do it? I said I really don't know, he said he'd do it. But then when I thought about it, I don't know. But he said, if you ask, I will do it. But he didn't really want to do it. So I sort of feel guilty about this whole thing because what happened is he said, sir, if you would like me to do it I'll do it. Wasn't what he had in mind. I put him into the world of politics. How vicious is the world?
But Jon Tester said things about him that were horrible and that weren't true.  And that's probably why I'm here because I won Montana by so many points I don't have to come here..
You know a lot of people from states where we have these crazy big leads, we had 42 and 44 -- we won by 44 points over a Democrat. Over a Democrat. We won -- won by 44 points over a Democrat. Now it was Crooked Hillary, but still she's a Democrat. 
And -- yes. No, she gets special treatment. Sorry. Sorry. She gets special treatment under the Justice Department.  Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. She gets special treatment under the Justice Department. 
Anybody else in America -- how about that FBI agent? How about that guy? You think he likes me? You think he likes me? You think there was just a little bias there -- a little bias? Oh, did we catch them in the act. It's a rigged deal folks. It's a rigged deal. I used to say it. It's a rigged deal. It's a disgrace.
And we go away on Monday. We appoint and go away, and I'll see lots of people. I'll see NATO and I'm going to tell NATO -- you got to start paying your bills. The United States is not going to take care of everything. We're paying for anywhere from 70 to 90 percent to protect Europe, and that's fine.
Of course they kill us on trade. They kill us on other things. They make it impossible to do business in Europe, and yet they come in and they sell their Mercedes and their BMWs to us. So we have $151 billion in trade deficits with the E.U. And on top of that, they kill us with NATO. They kill us. So we pay 4 percent of a huge GDP, which got a lot bigger since I became your president.
And Germany -- Germany which is the biggest country of the E.U., European Union, Germany pays 1 percent One percent. And I said, you know, Angela, I can't guarantee it, but we're protecting you, and it means a lot more to you than protecting us because I don't know how much protection we get by protecting you.
And then they go out and make a gas deal, oil and gas, from Russia, where they pay billions and billions of dollars to Russia. OK, so they want to protect against Russia, and yet they pay billions of dollars to Russia, and we are the schmucks that are paying for the whole thing. 
So then -- and by the way, I have to say this. Since I came, which is a year and a half, almost $33 billion more is projected to be paid by those NATO nations, but it's not enough. Do they ever tell you that? No, no. But I will tell you, the Secretary General Stoltenberg is Trump's biggest fan. He says, those NATO nations are going like this, less money, less money. Why not? And when you started talking, it went like a rocket ship. Went just like a rocket ship.
So anytime I suggest anything -- so we've got $33 billion -- it's going to be a lot more money than that. But then they say, let's see, he's angry at NATO. I guess, yeah, he loves Russia. I love Russia. I will say this, I am meeting with President Putin next week and getting along -- let me tell you, getting along with Russia and getting along with China and getting along with other countries is a good thing. It's not a bad thing. It's a good thing.
I would say for stupid people or for political people, because they're not stupid, all they are good at obstruction, good at resisting. You know, their whole thing there thing is resist, but every time it comes up -- I will say this, I'm going to have to ask them this question. How bad has it been since Trump has been in? Take a look at what's happened. Take a look we've just increased our military spending. We are at $700 billion. We've become a nation that is exporting energy for the first time. We're exporting energy.
So many things. And you look at the money that NATO is getting now. They're probably saying in Russia, you know, if we did like this guy, we've made a big mistake. We'd rather have crooked Hillary Clinton. I think they would much rather have Hillary. But getting along with other countries -- and you're talking nuclear powers, in all fairness.
Getting along is really a nice thing. It's a smart thing. We're going to beat everybody, we have the greatest military. We have now -- look we have now -- and hopefully, we'll never have to use it. The only way you're never going to have to use it? If it's so powerful, so good, so strong that nobody wants to play games, and that's what we are doing. We'll never have to use it.
And then of course, we have North Korea, where you noticed eight months -- so during the Obama administration, it seemed like a missile a week. I mean a lot of missiles going up, a lot of rockets going up, a lot of nuclear testing. They thought there was an earthquake the size of something they had never tested before.
They said, where is it? Oh it's in Korea someplace. They said, why don't you check nuclear weapons. It was a nuclear weapon. So since the rhetoric stopped --we had very tough rhetoric. Wouldn't you say it was a little tough, right? So remember, they said, he's too tough. He's going to cause a war. It's too tough. Now they say he's too nice. Hes too nice. I got along very well with Chairman Kim. I got along well -- that's a good that I got along well. Now what hasn't happened in eight months? In eight months -- first of all, we got our prisoners back before I even went, right?
And I didn't pay $1.8 billion by the way, in cash. We didn't pay $1.8 billion, right? We paid slightly less than 1.8. We paid nothing.
And yet -- and yet it was a very smart deal for North Korea. Goodwill is very important. But we signed a wonderful paper saying they're going to denuclearize their whole thing. It's going to all happen.
But now, you know, you're back -- I was back I think six days, "Why hasn't is started? Why?" I mean, these guys, like -- Obama was very close to going to war. You have 30 million people in Seoul. It's 30 miles off the border. And that's a tough border. Thousands of -- of cannons, they call them. These are big, big guns. I'm not even talking about nuclear. You could have lost 30, 40, 50 million people. You could have had a war like you haven't had in a long time.
And guess what you have now? Eight months, no nuclear testing, no missiles, no anything. Mike Pompeo is over there right now. And they -- they --they say, "He" -- meaning me, these guys, the crooked press, they are so dishonest.  They are so dishonest.  Fake news. They're fake news media.
So what do they say all the time? Because I didn't give anything up. What do they say all the time? They say, "He went there." I went there. I went to Singapore. We had a meeting. "By agreeing to meet" -- you know, they can't come up with anything else, like -- I didn't give, like Clinton and like Obama would have -- you know, Obama couldn't meet. Now they say, "Well Obama" -- Obama couldn't meet. They wouldn't see him. So I didn't have -- like Clinton, where they gave him billions and billions of dollars and got nothing. OK?
So they couldn't find anything, so what did they do? They say, "He met." I met. That's what we lost, folks. He met. Now by the way, Obama would have loved to have met. They wouldn't see him. They wouldn't see him. One of the first question I asked when I was over there, they wouldn't see him.
So I met. That's how we got beaten. That -- now they're saying it with Putin. "Well, Putin is highly prepared, and Trump, will he be prepared for the meeting?" Trust me, we'll do just fine. We'll do good. Fake news. Bad people.
Will he be prepared? Will he be prepared? And I might even end up having a good relationship, but they're going, "Will President Trump be prepared? You know, President Putin is KGB and this and that." You know what? Putin's fine. He's fine. We're all fine. We're people. Will I be prepared? Totally prepared. I've been preparing for this stuff my whole life. They don't say that. They don't say that.
And you really do, you really -- and I tell you what. Because I see it. I see the way they write. They're so damn dishonest. And I don't mean all of them, because some of the finest people I know are journalists. Really. Hard to believe when I say that. I hate to say it, but I have to say. But 75 percent of those people are downright dishonest. Downright dishonest.
They're fake. They're fake. They quote sources -- "A source within the Trump organization said" -- a source. They don't have a source. They never use names anymore. You know, in the old days, you have to use names. "Jim Smith said that Donald Trump is a bad guy." They don't do that anymore. They say, "A source within the administration." They make the sources up. They don't exist in many cases.
Any time you say -- you know, I saw one of them said "15 anonymous sources" -- I don't have 15 people in the White -- I mean, forget it. 
Fifteen anonymous sources have said all sorts of stuff. These are really bad people. But here's the bottom line: we're here. How the hell did we get here? Really? How did ...
How did we get here? So if you look at Jon Tester, he signed up for the Democrats' radical immigration agenda, which is "let them come in, and we believe they say, in sanctuary cities where they house the criminals and others" -- we believe in strong borders and no crime, it's very simple. Strong border. We believe in coming into this country legally. We believe in coming in legally.
We believe in the merit system. So when you have a business and somebody comes in and honestly -- hate to tell you this, got to go with it -- we are doing so well. So many businesses are moving back to this country. So many car companies are coming back into Michigan and to Ohio and to Pennsylvania and to North and South Carolina.
We need people. We don't have the workers anymore. And by the way, that's something that's unique. You haven't heard that for a long time. Wages are going up. Right? But we need people. But who do we need? We need people that come in under the merit system. Under the merit system. A vote for the Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities. 
To let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from our hardworking Americans, and we're not letting it happen. Democrats want anarchy, they really do, and they don't know who they're playing with, folks.
I said it the other day, yes, she is a low IQ individual, Maxine Waters. I said it the other day. High -- I mean, honestly, she's somewhere in the mid-60s, I believe that.
He will be impeached. I will impeach him. Even the Democrats are saying, "How are you saying that?" They don't want to use that word, because it gets the Republicans out to vote. They say, "Stay away from that word. Especially since he's done nothing wrong." That helps also, right?
There's no collusion. No collusion. After spending $22 million, it's awfully tough. And the House just left and they said, "There's no collusion." Can you imagine this? It's all a ruse. This was an excuse for the Democrats who lost an election, who actually got their ass kicked, 306...
306 to 223, that's a pretty good shellackit; 306 -- hey, we won states -- take Wisconsin, I just left Wisconsin. So we won -- in fact, we're building -- they're building -- friends of mine -- Foxconn, they make the Apple laptops and iPhones are incredible. They're -- we're going to spend -- they are going to spend, like, $11 billion, and this is going to be about a $15 billion plant.
There will be nothing like it in this country, and frankly, outside of China, there will be nothing like it, but by the time it's finished, it'll top anything in China also. It's incredible.
It's incredible. But -- but $15 billion, 15,000 jobs to Wisconsin. But think of Wisconsin. Reagan had his big win. He won every state except for one, the great state of Wisconsin. I won Wisconsin. First time -- first time since Dwight Eisenhower in 1952.
And we won Michigan. And we won Pennsylvania, North Carolina and South Carolina and Florida, we ran up that East Coast. You had a run up that East Coast -- winning the Electoral College is very tough for a Republican, much tougher than the so-called "popular vote," where people vote four times, you know. Much tougher. Much, much tougher.
We had a great -- we had a great victory. But think of it. Not since Dwight Eisenhower, 1952. What an -- was that one of the great evenings? Was that one of the...
And I always say, because the ratings that they're getting are beyond belief. You know, the New York Times was ready to fold. It was going to close. And then I came along, unfortunately, and they -- they sell. But don't worry. Because ultimately, when I leave in 7 years from now... Of course... They'll fold. They will fold.
No, no, when you see the Times, how dishonest they are, when you see the Washington Post, how totally dishonest -- when we leave -- and I actually say this: they are all doing numbers that they've, like, never done. When I announce, they are going to endorse me. Because if I lose -- should I lose -- or if I don't run, they're out of business. Who's going to cover?
They're going to cover Bernie? Hey, they're going to cover like sleepy Joe Biden? They're going to cover Pocahontas who was? Think of it. Think of it, she of the great tribal heritage.
What tribe is it? Let me think about that one. Meantime, she's based her life on being a minority. Pocahontas -- they always want me to apologize for saying that and I hereby -- oh no, I want to apologize. I'll use tonight. Pocahontas, I apologize to you. I apologize -- to you I apologize.
To the fake Pocahontas, I won't apologize. No, it's causing problems. You know that's name causing -- because now even the liberals are saying take a test. Take a test. You know, the -- I tell you, I shouldn't tell you because I like not to give away secrets but this one. Let's say I'm debating Pocahontas, right?
I promise you I'll do this. I will take -- you know those little kits they sell on television for $2. Learn your heritage. The guy says I was born in Scotland, it turns out he was born in Puerto Rico. And that's OK. It's good, you know. Guy says I was born in Germany, well, he wasn't born in Germany. He was born someplace else.
I'm going to get one of those little kits and in the middle of the debate when she proclaims that she's of Indian heritage because her mother says she has high cheekbones. That's her only evidence, that her mother said she had high cheekbones. We will take that little kit and say, but we have to do it gently.
Because we're in the me-too generation so I have to be very gentle. And we will very gently take that kit and we will slowly toss it, hoping it doesn't hit her and injure her arm even though it only weighs probably two ounces. And we will say, I will give you a million dollars to your favorite charity, paid for by Trump, if you take the test so that it shows you're an Indian. You know.
And let's see what she does. I have a feeling she will say no but we will that for the debates. Do me a favor, keep it within this room. Because I don't want to give away any secrets and the press is very honorable, they won't. Please don't tell her what I just said. Democrats are launching outrageous attacks against our incredible law enforcement and our ICE and border patrol.
The new platform of the Democrat party, and by the way, I call it the Democrat party. It sounds better rhetorically, you know. I wrote best sellers, I guess I speak well. You know, we turned away thousands of people. They never say I'm a great speaker. Why the hell do so many people come? Why -- I don't think -- it's true, why do they come? Why?
Why, oh why, do they come? It's got to be something. I guess they like my policy -- maybe my policy. No, it's true. Have you ever noticed, you never hear that -- you never hear that. You never hear it. I mean, there's got to be a reason. I have broken more Elton John records, he seems to have a lot of records and we beat -- and I, by the way, I don't have a musical instrument.
I don't have a guitar or an organ. No organ. Elton has an organ and lots of other people help him. You know we've broken a lot of records. We've broken virtually every record because you know, look, I only need this space. They need much more room for basketball, for hockey, for all the sports. They need a lot of room.
We don't need it. We have people in that space, so we break all these records. But really we do it without like the musical instruments. This is the only musical, the mouth, and hopefully the brain attached to the mouth, right? The brain, more important than the mouth is the brain. The brain is much more important.
But they -- do you ever notice -- do you ever hear something, they say -- you know we had a case last week we were in a great place in Wisconsin. And we had a tremendous crowd and we have like the choice of a 22,000 seat arena and in retrospect, we would have packed it and they would have sent away thousands of people.
But the people said to me, very innocent people, they were great. But I hadn't met them. I said why didn't you -- they -- they filled up a 7,000 seat arena, walked away thousands of people, like over 20. and we would have filled -- and I said why didn't you use the bigger arena?
He said, sir, we knew that if you had five vacant seats, empty seats -- see vacant just because I was in the , I'll say use that term. If you had five empty seats, they would say Donald Trump was unable to fill the arena. And I said, you know what, you're right.
How about the one from the Washington Post? They got there four hours early and the arena hadn't started even letting people in. So there was just a few people, you all saw that story, I hope. You all saw that story, right? They got there four hours, five hours -- this writer, sleazebag -- he didn't get fired.
He said Donald Trump had an empty arena, except when I showed up, the place was packed and they had to walk away thousands of people. Right?
And I didn't see this story but you know who saw the story? The people that were in the arena and they went nuts. And they apologized but you know where they apologized? On Twitter. They didn't write -- they apologized but they had the story Donald Trump, not very good crowd tonight.
And they show a totally empty arena that four hours later -- and by the way, hate to say it, take a look at the pictures for the inauguration. We had some monster crowd. Big, monster -- big monster -- but take a look at that. So they show an arena before the people started coming in.
There were a few people, four or five hours ahead, and they apologized because it's a disgrace. But let me just tell you, the Democrats -- we call them the Democrat party. You know why? The Democratic party sounds too good. Sounds better, doesn't it? I always hate saying the Democrat party. A lot of people say you meant to say well actually their name is the Democrat party.
The Democratic party sounds too good so I don't want to use it. OK? The new platform of the Democrat party is to abolish ICE. In other words, they want to abolish immigration enforcement entirely. That's what they want to do. They want -- they want everybody coming in.
And you know the beauty with ICE -- they're so tough. When you have these MS-13 thugs come in, ICE goes in and wipes them out like nothing because they're much tougher. They wipe them out and they liberate towns and on islands and other places. You know its like -- it's like you're occupied.
It's like a nation is occupying your country. So we're taking them out by the thousands. And if it weren't for ICE, we wouldn't be doing it. These are savage gangs, MS-13 and others. We will not stand for these vile Democrat smears against our law enforcement and that includes our great police. That includes our great border patrol. That includes our military where they're always fighting against funding for the military.
We will always stand by, proudly, the heroes -- and they're our heroes on ICE and border patrol and law enforcement and on military. Every day I'm president, we will track down the gang members, drug deals, child predators and criminal aliens that we find. We will get them. We will throw the hell out of our country or put them in jail.
So this year -- in November if you want to save ICE and frankly, if you want to save your law enforcement, if you want to save your military, getting military funding -- we've got $700 billion, the biggest ever, then next year $760. We saved our military getting military funding from these Democrats is almost impossible.
They don't want it, they don't care about military, they don't care about our law enforcement. They couldn't give a damn. You better vote Republican. We need more Republicans.
If you want to protect your family and your community, then you have no choice. You have to vote , you have to vote for Republicans. If you want to have a country, if you want borders -- how about borders? Would it be nice to have borders? 
And, yes, we are already building the wall. It started in California, in San Diego. $1.6 billion, we're asking for $5 billion. And I'll tell you what, it's -- it's brutal with these people.
They don't want it. They -- they know it's the right thing to do but they think it will help me. It's not even the Republicans -- they think it'll help Trump. If we do it, it's good for Trump. Let's not do it. They're great Americans.
Every day, we are keeping our promises. We've created 3.4 million jobs since Election Day, which nobody can even believe.
Nobody believes it. I always say if I would have said that on the campaign trail when I was here or anyplace else it would have been brutal. They would have said, how can you possibly say a thing like that, 3.4 million new jobs? Unemployment claims are at a 45-year low.
African-American and Hispanic-American unemployment have reached the lowest levels in the history of our country. Remember, what do you have to lose? Remember, what do you have to lose?
People didn't like it when I said that. What do you have to lose? Guess, what, we're right. In fact, a new poll came out last week, we were up -- in like a week -- 10 points with the Hispanic community. Ten points.
Because they want to be safe. Unemployment among women is at the lowest level it's been in 65 years in, within a couple of weeks, history. Our economic policy can be summed up in three very simple but beautiful but beautiful words: jobs, jobs, jobs.
Since the election, we have lifted 3 million people off of food stamps. And, by the way, on a humanitarian basis that's a great thing. Do you how much money we save by doing that as a country? Three million people and it's going up fast.
Wages, for the first time in 18 years are rising again. People can go out, they can actually choose a job and they have wages that are rising. And six months ago, Republicans passed the biggest tax cuts in American history, the biggest in American history. Everyone in this room is benefiting.
Everybody is benefiting. We slashed taxes for working families and saved our family farms. We saved family farms. As a result of our tax cuts, $300 billion poured back into the United States just in the first quarter of this year alone.
And we're going to have a lot more than that. $300 billion came back, money that would have never been able to come back into our country. It's coming back, it's pouring back. I think the number's going to be $5 trillion, but $350 billion has already come back.
Apple computer is spending $350 billion on new campuses, on new facilities. They're bringing back $350 billion. They're going to actually have -- probably, subject to the tax code, about $230 billion come back. Ninety-five percent of U.S. manufacturers are optimistic about the future. That's the highest number ever. Think of it, 95 percent of anything, you don't hear that.
We also repealed, despite the thumb down at 2 o'clock in the morning, we also repealed the most horrible aspect of the failed Obamacare health care, it's called the individual mandate. So, it's gone. It's gone. Gone.
It's gone. And, you know, that was where you had to pay a lot of money for the privilege of not having to pay for bad health care. OK? One of the truly rip-offs, that was a big rip-off but we got rid of it.
So all you people, how many people were you paying for not to have it? Lot of people, right? Yes, a lot of people. A lot people, they paid not to have health care. That doesn't work.
We are allowing businesses to join forces to buy better health care for less money through association health plans. They just came out two weeks ago and they cross state lines. We're allowed to cross state lines, you're going to get very low prices for very good  ...
Millions of people are already signing up. And after decades of waiting, we opened ANWR in Alaska for energy development. They've been trying to get that approved for 40 years.
We've eliminated record numbers of job killing regulations. We've stopped cold the assault on our farmers, our ranchers, hunters, energy producers, and our great and loving miners. We love our miners.
And we put our miners back to work, clean coal. We are proudly and strongly protecting our public lands for future generations. You see that. You see it all over. You see what we're doing. You see legislation. You see what's happening.
We approved the Keystone and the Dakota Access pipelines right away, 48,000 jobs -- 48,000 jobs. We withdrew from the job killing Paris Climate accord, one of the most unfair deals. I said, boy, I'm going to get killed when I approve this one. When I sign off this, you know it sounds so pretty, right?
The Paris Climate, who wouldn't do that, except it's horrible for us -- great for other countries but horrible for us. We took historic action to safeguard your constitutional freedoms, protecting religious liberty, defending the Second Amendment and confirming a record number of circuit court judges.
And we are bringing back our wealth from foreign countries. But, you know this, right? We are bringing back our wealth from foreign countries that have been ripping us off for years.
For too long we watched, and we waited and we saw as other countries stole our jobs, cheated our workers, and gutted our industry. You look at all the places -- here? Yes, even here. But you look at some places, you look at some -- you go up to New England and you still see the -- the remnants where they moved down to Mexico under NAFTA, one of the worst deals that we're negotiating.
And I have a feeling, they'll come along. We'll see. And if they don't, we'll actually do better. We'll actually do better. The United States of America was the piggybank that everybody was robbing.
And let me tell you, our allies in many cases were worse than our enemies. We opened our country to their goods but they put up massive barriers to keep our products and our goods the hell out of their country because they didn't want that competition. And that's not free trade, that's stupid trade. We're not going to do that. We don't do that anymore.
We have to have fair and reciprocal -- that being the more important word. We need reciprocal. They charge a 50 percent tax. We charge a 50 percent tax. Then we say, look, let's bring it to nothing, or I don't care one way or the other. Do whatever you want.
And then, I'll have people complaining. They'll say -- it's incredible. So we have countries ripping us off for years. And then, when I say, well, look we're going to put tariffs on there because they have been ripping us. We have trade deficits. They have surpluses. That would be unbelievable.
So, they have all of this and I say we are going to do something about it. And I'll get calls from some politicians. Oh, that's terrible. I say, no, you don't understand. We're going to make great deals. No, no let's just leave it the way it is. Please, just leave it the way it is. Leave it the way it is.
I say, no, no. We have all the cards. We're the bank that everybody's stealing from. You saw with China, $50 billion and another $200 billion frankly is waiting. Nobody's ever seen this before because China, and I have great respect for President Xi and for China. You have to respect them. You have to admire them.
Now, they'll say, Donald Trump loves China -- loves China more than he loves the United States. These people but -- so you have to be careful what you say.
Because if I say that I do, I respect China, and I respect President Xi, but they've been killing us -- $507 billion dollars in trade deficits last year -- 507. Who the hell can lose 500 -- then you want to do something about it and you get attacked. Oh, that's not nice. That's not free trade. The war was lost on trade many years ago.
You know when they were saying not a free trader. I said no, no. The war was lost but now we're going to win it and because we have all the cards.
But it's always helpful when you don't have the little ones sniping at your heels, because it's easier to negotiate when you have support. You don't have some senator that was forced out of office because he didn't like me saying bad things like, oh, we shouldn't be doing that against China; we shouldn't be doing that against so and so. We are in such a great position. Other countries are calling us.
Do you know that if we knocked down the trade deficit, right, the trade deficit by just a little bit, 25 percent -- we can do that easily. That's easy. If we do that, we pick up one point in GDP. Does anybody know that?
That's three trillion dollars and that's 10 million jobs. That's just 25 percent. We pick up one point. And speaking of GDP, remember when I'd say it's going to go to 3 percent pretty quickly and all of this? Well now, The Atlanta Fed just predicted 4.8 percent.
Now, who knows. Who knows. Who knows. Who knows. I can only tell you that it's going to be a lot better than what you had with Obama. And if these people got elected, you would have gone down like you'd never seen anything go down. They wouldn't have taken the regulations off. They wouldn't have given you the tax cuts, the Democrats. You would have had an economy that was going to crash and burn. It was ready. And now we've got something that's a rocket ship.
And every time I meet a leader of another country, which is often, they always start by saying, sir, I'd like to congratulate you on the incredible job you've done with the United States economy.
Japan. South Korea. Every time they say, I'd like to congratulate you. And others are -- they are actually studying what we've done. They're studying what we've done. But we have the greatest people in the world and we're doing good. You know, that -- those hats, those beautiful, beautiful hats, "Make America Great Again."
Soon to be changed to, "Keep America Great." . "Keep America Great." Soon to be changed. I can't use "Make America Great Again" for the second run, right? . They said, why the hell did you do it the first time? Right?
It's called "Keep America Great," because what we're doing is incredible. It's incredible. We've created -- think of this, since the election, we've created in wealth, seven trillion dollars. Seven trillion. Seven trillion.
We're the fastest growing nation on an economy basis -- maybe it's for the big nations but I heard "nation" -- we're the fastest growing economically nation in the world. Think of that.
I add the big nation because they're probably back -- I don't know, maybe it said big -- whatever it is, we're doing really well.
But we're one of the fastest, and I think we're actually the fastest growing. And we are certainly growing our military and growing our power and our strength, and we're taking care of our vets more than anybody's ever taken care of our vets.
Thanks to Republican leadership, America is winning again. We're winning. Remember I tell you the story, and America's being respected again all over the world. It's been a long time. We're respected.
Somebody said, could you tell the winning story backstage. I said, they've heard it. But, Steve Daines -- great Senator -- comes up to me and I say, hi, Steve.  sir, the people of Montana, they're really tired, sir, of all this winning.
Too much. They can't take it anymore. They can't take it. We've got to slow it down, sir. They can't take it. I say, Steve, go back to the people. He's going more. Go back to the people and say, I'm sorry, I cannot honor that request. We are going to win and win, and we're going to win more. We are going to win like we've never won before.
Like we've never one before. Because We are finally putting America first. We're putting America first. And by the way, you know all the rhetoric you see, the Thousand Points of Light. What the hell was that by the way? Thousands Points of Light. What did that mean? Does anyone know?
I know one thing: Make America great again, we understand. Putting America first, we understand. Thousand Points of Light, I never quite got that one. What the hell is that? Has anyone ever figured that one out? And it was put by a Republican .
But We are indeed doing things for this country like nobody believed possible. We're rebuilding our economy. And at the same time, we are restoring our security. We have people flooding our borders like they haven't flooded ever before.
They're doing an incredible job, but we've never had a rush like this. That's because people want a piece of our action. They want to come into our economy. They want to come in. The problem is, you have to come in legally. You have to come in through the legal . Sorry.
All of that money that we've secured for our military, all of that I've directed the Pentagon to begin a process of creating a sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces called the Space Force. You have the Air Force, you will have the Space Force.
You know, people are so excited by that. You know, it's not just sending rockets to the moon and rockets to mars. This is also a military imperative. In fact, in Russia, they said, we consider that very threatening, and others did, too.
But I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And you know, if it's a part of the Air Force, the Air Force is going to focus on the Air Force. We need a separate branch, and we're working on that. It's called the Space Force, which is very exciting.
And people love it. People love it. They get it, and they love it. We passed a landmark V.A. accountability law that everybody said could not be passed. I won't blame the unions, and I won't blame civil service. But let's assume they had a little blame. Everyone said, it couldn't be passed, has not been able to be passed for 45 years, and we just got it passed, V.A. accountability. So now you can fire people when they don't do a job. We can fire when they don't do it.
You're fired. You get them the hell out. They're not taking care of our vets, we fire them. They are out of there . They're out of there.
And the other thing that we just passed a few weeks ago, and you've heard me talk about this, I've always said, you know, our greatest people, they're the greatest people, the vets. They've protected us. Some of them have suffered greatly. And we weren't taking proper care of them. They were waiting in line for 12 days.
How about anybody in this audience, go to their doctor, say I'm sorry, can't see you for 12 days. Even if you have, like, a bad cold, you have something. People were going in with nothing much, and they were coming out six months later. They can't see a doctor. They were coming out with a terminal illness that could've been corrected easily.
And I said, why are we sending people who can wait for these long periods -- just send them across the street to a local doctor. Get taken care of, and we pay the bill. And everybody said, we've been trying to get that passed for 40 years. I got it passed three weeks ago.
I am good at getting things passed. Remember we had repeal and replace passed except for one person, and all of the Democrats I have  say. One person plus all of the Democrats. We got no Democrats -- including Tester. He wasn't there for us. President Trump is a great man. He's a great man. I really got a vote for us. Got a vote for us.
We also believe that American foreign aid dollars should promote America's interest and values. We don't need to send your hard-earned money to countries that vote against the United States consistently in the United Nations and other places. We don't need .
Remember with Israel; remember when we had two votes on something having to do with Israel. I said we're watching; with all the aide we give all these countries, we're watching. We ended up getting 68 votes. We didn't do anything. Because they're ripping us, they're taking our money, they don't even vote for us because they didn't respect our country, but now they respect them a lot more.
And in many cases, they're not getting that money anymore, too. We stopped it. Instead of apologizing for America, we are standing up for America, and we are standing up for our great American flag.
Hey, how about the NFL? Look, I don't want to cause controversy. You're right, USA is right. I don't want to cause controversy, but how about they passed this stupid thing. You don't have to do this anymore. If you don't respect the flag or if you don't like the country or whatever it is, just go into the locker room. Just go into the locker room. I think in many respects, that's worse. Isn't that worse than not standing?
You know? I think that's worse. So they say go into the locker room. So OK, the Anthem's getting ready to play, they run into the locker room, then they come back out. You know what? That doesn't play. That doesn't play. It doesn't play. 
I actually think, in many ways, it's worse. I heard this thing, I think; they were so happy the owners. This commissioner, where this guy comes from I have no -- they're paying him $40 million a year and their ratings are down 20 percent. But you know why their ratings are down?
Yes, the flag. But they're also down because people find politics. In other words, hitting Trump, incorrectly, but hitting Trump. They find that to be much tougher, meaner and more interesting than watching a football game. They actually do.
And they're watching the cable networks instead of watching football. They're down 20 percent since this whole thing started with the flag and the Anthem. Washington tried to change us, but instead we are actually changing Washington. We've had a big impact. And now we need Matt Rosendale in the Senate to continue our fight to drain the swamp. We're going to get it done.
We need to work every day from now until the election, for your family, for your community, your country, for your constitution. And this November I need you to get your friends, get your colleagues, get your neighbors and get your ass out to vote. Is that OK? Get your ass out to vote.
Vote for Matt. They're going to say, oh, That was not presidential. Watch. That was not presidential. Did I ever tell you how easy for me it would be for me to be presidential, you know. Like we're all -- me, you, we're really smart people. I have, by the way, the most loyal people in the world, they're the smartest, they're the toughest people.
They're the greatest people in the world. But they'll something like that's not presidential. And what I say, acting presidential is so easy for me, would be -- it's much easier than what I do. Much easier. And sometimes I have to do it. You walk up to the microphone, right. Good evening ladies and gentleman of the great state of Montana. 
You have to put a little emphasis right? This is wonderful to be with you tonight. Thank you for being here. Goodbye.
Now, the people of Montana, they know. They know. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. Returning the power where it belongs, to the people. 
Our proud American ancestors crossed oceans, scaled mountains, defeated empires and built the modern world with their own two hands. They were brilliant. This state, the State of Montana was forged by incredible pioneer men and women who braved the call and tamed the wilderness to build a beautiful life, right out here in the open. And I did look at those skies, you know, I heard so much about ...
... your sky. I heard so much about your skies. I flown in and I looked at those skies. Not seeing pollution is a wonderful thing, right?
Those are beautiful skies. These Montana pioneers were tough, and they were strong, and they were brilliant. They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury, but they had faith, they heart, they had grit and they had each other. They had each other. And, above all else, they loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God.
We stand on the shoulders of American patriots who knew how to fight and they knew how to win. You talk about winning, they knew how to win.
And with your help, your voice, and your vote we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning. And the truth is, you will never ever get tired of winning, never.
We won't back down. We won't give in and we will never ever surrender. We will never ever quit. We go forward to victory. Because are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. We are one people, we are one family, and we are one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America wealthy again.
Soon, we will make America strong again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you, Montana. Thank you.
Scott Pruitt did an outstanding job inside of the EPA. We've gotten rid of record breaking regulations and it's been really GOOD. You know, obviously the controversies with Scott but within the agency we were extremely happy.
His deputy has been with me actually a long time. He was very much an early Trump supporter. He was with us on the campaign. He is a very environmental person. He's a big believer, and he's going to do a fantastic job.
No final straw. I think Scott saw that he was, he was, uh look, Scott is a terrific guy. And he came ot me and he said I have such great confidence in the administration. I don't want to be a distraction. And I think Scott felt that he was a distraction.
A couple of days. We've been talking about it for a little while. He'll go on to great things and he's going to have a wonderful life, I hope. But he felt that he did not want to be a distraction for an administration that he has a lot of faith in.
When I took office, you can quote me on this, North Korea was doing tremendous testing, tremendous missile launches. And you can ask President Obama, he was very close to going to war and he would have lost 50 million people, plus... The rhetoric was very strong. In the meantime for eight months you've had not one rocket launch, missile launch and you haven't had one nuclear test.
We'll see. We'll see. All I can tell you is this. You ahven't had one missile launch and you haven't had one rocket launch.
I had a very good feeling about him from the standpoint -- I shook his hand. I thought we got along very well. I thought we had a good chemistry together. I think we understand each other. I really believe that he sees a different future for North Korea. I hope that's true. If that's not true we'll go back to the other way.
Under the Obama administration they were launching missiles, they were testing. They're not doing that anymore. That could start tomorrow. Who knows. And if it does, I won't be happy. But for eight months there's been not one rocket or missile launch or there hasn't been a nuclear test. And other things have happened including last week, taking down the anti-US propaganda.
I'll say on the record that I am interviewing some extraordinarily talented and brilliant people and I'm very, very happy with them and we will pick somebody who will be outstanding, hopefully for many years to come.
Very close. We're going to do it at 9 pm in the White House.
I think I have it down to four people and I think of the four people, I have it down to three or two. I think they're all outstanding. Honestly I could pick any of the 25 and they would be terrific. Those are very terrific people. The whole list is extraordinary.
I don't want say the four. But I have it down to four. I'll have a decision made in my mind by Sunday. We'll announce it on Monday. I'll give you the answer.
I was thinking about it. I doubt it. Unlikely.  We're going to go over the Supreme Court and some other things that we're working on. I do think that something very very exciting is Space Force. There is tremendous excitement about Space Force. We're moving along.
34, and then you have another 16 in two weeks and then as you know we have 200 billion in abeyance and then after the 200 billion we have 300 billion in abeyance. Ok? So we have 50 plus 200 plus almost 300. It's only on China.
I don't believe them at all. I believe him. Jim Jordan is one of the most outstanding people I've met since I've been in Washington. I believe him 100 percent. No question in my mind. I believe Jim Jordan 100 percent. He's an outstanding man.
Wow. Oh, hello, Fargo. Hi, Fargo. We love you, Fargo. What a place. What a place. Thank you very much. This is an honor. You know, I wish we could have had this stage back about 100 yards. You'd see how many people. This place is packed.
This place is packed. The only thing more packed is outside, trying to get in. They're having a hard time. They can't get in. It's full. You know, we had the chance for a 24,000-seat arena. And we should have taken it.
The problem is, if we had two empty seats, we didn't quite get there, which will always happen, they will say, "He didn't fill up the arena. He didn't fill it up." Right. That's what they'll say. "He didn't fill that arena up." Twenty-four thousand seats. No, we would have filled it up very easily, in retrospect, but that's OK. Thank you very much.
I am thrilled to be here in the great state of North Dakota with so many hard-working American patriots. Right? And I want to congratulate -- right? We want to do this. You know what I'm going to say. I want to congratulate the North Dakota State Bison.
I shouldn't tell you this. I shouldn't tell you this, but when I was coming out, they were talking about Bison. I said, "I thought there was an s." They said, "It is. But it's pronounced Bizon." So, we didn't want to get that wrong, right? But that is some -- that is some great national championship team. That's a great group of winners.
Winners. We're honored to be joined by many of your wonderful North Dakota leaders. Your governor, and a great guy, Doug Burgum, and his wife, First Lady of North Dakota, Kathryn Burgum. Where are you, Governor? Where are you? Thank you, Governor. Your former governor, Ed Schafer. Ed.
Nice guy. A friend of mine, who employs a lot of people, a very successful guy. He puts a straw in the ground and oil comes out. These big companies, they go out, they spend billions looking for oil. They don't find anything. Harold Hamm. Where's Harold? Where is Harold? If I ever want to find oil, I'm going to call Harold. Here's a straw, Harold. North Dakota Republican Party Chairman, great guy, really helpful, Rick Berg.
Thank you, Rick. A man who is so incredibly helpful, to me and to you, and to everybody. A special person who works so hard. I call him all-action, no-talk, that's -- don't we like that? All-action... Senator John Hoeven. He is fantastic.
And I also want to thank Kelly Armstrong, who's running for Congress. He's going to win. And Kelly, thank you very much. Thank you. Good guy. We also have a couple of big supporters. Do you ever see this guy with the pillows on Fox? John? MyPillow guy. Mike Liddell. Where is Mike?
He is the greatest. I have never seen so many ads for so long. And you know what? I think he gets them for, like, peanuts. First of all, he does make a great product. Great pillows. I actually use them, believe it or not.
But he's been -- he's been a supporter from day one. And I said, "You know, I want you to be my ad buyer." Because I guarantee you, he makes great deals. So, I haven't asked him yet. Will you be my ad buyer, please, Mike?
The MyPillow guy. Thank you. And he's been with us right from the beginning. Along with a lot of other folks, actually. We've had a great journey together, and we are making progress like nobody thought possible.
Finally, the person we are all here tonight to support, a special person, an incredible person, the next United States Senator from the great state of North Dakota, Kevin Cramer. Kevin, come out. Good guy.
I have got to tell you, that's pretty good. That's pretty good. He did good. He loves you. I will tell you that. He loves this state, loves the people. And we need Kevin Cramer to replace liberal Democrat Heidi Heitkamp in the Senate. Going to happen. It's going to happen.
When Heidi ran for office, she promised to be an independent vote for the people of North Dakota. Instead, she went to Washington and immediately joined Chuck. You know who Chuck is. And Nancy. And now they have a new leader. Who's the new leader?
Maxine Waters is their new leader. 
Maxine Waters. I think she's taking over. You know, they say, took. I never believed I was taking over the Republican Party. They say that to cause problems. But Maxine Waters is taking over the Democrat Party, so.
Heidi voted no on the Obamacare repeal. And, by the way, it was done. It was done. Unfortunately, she wouldn't vote. And another person didn't vote. We had it done.
Another person campaigned for eight years. "Repeal and replace." And we were a little surprised when the thumb went down. But we're doing very well. You see what's happening. We're coming up with incredible plans. We've gotten rid of the individual mandate, which is terrible.
It's been gutted. But remember this. Individual mandate, where you have the privilege of paying a lot of money for the second privilege of not having to pay for not getting health care. What kind of a deal is that? So, you pay in order to not to have to pay, because you don't want the health care because it was no good anyway.
So, we have, though our Secretary of Labor, Alex Acosta, we just came out with the association plan, which is phenomenal. Millions and millions of people are signing up. And we're coming out with another plan with Alex Azar. We are coming out with that plan in two weeks. We are coming out with so many health care plans. It is so much better than anything you've ever seen before. Competitive. And Obamacare is essentially dead.
I would have been happier with a nice yes vote instead of a no vote, but that's OK. We're doing great. And probably we wouldn't have come up with these two other plans. And it's actually three, now, other plans if we didn't.
You know, sometimes you work under pressure, and you do better, right? I think most of the people in this room, under pressure, you end up doing better. There are those people. We want to know those people. Heidi voted no on our massive tax cuts for North Dakota families. She voted "no." 
Not one Democrat voted to cut your taxes. And the other day Nancy Pelosi said we have to raise your taxes. What's that all about? She wants to raise your taxes. Heidi voted no on legislation to stop late term abortions.  Heidi voted in favor of the deadly, very, very dangerous, horrible sanctuary cities. 
You need a senator who doesn't just talk like they're from North Dakota but votes like they're from North Dakota. That's what you need. And that is Kevin Cramer. So, a vote for any Democrat is November is a vote for Schumer, Pelosi, and Maxine. 
Maxine. She's a beauty.  I mean, she practically was telling people the other day to assault. Can you imagine if I said the things she said?
We demand that he immediately drop out of the race. Can you imagine, seriously, if I said that, or somebody else said that? Horrible, what she said. Now they want to censure her. Let's see where that goes, folks.  Her own party was talking about censure. Let's see where that goes.
Heidi was also against us from the very beginning of the travel ban, a common-sense policy to improve our vetting and our national security. And I'm proud to report that, just yesterday, the Supreme Court upheld the travel ban...... and our authority to keep America safe.
And, by the way -- by the way, a lot of media back here.  If crooked Hillary would have won this election, and if she came here, which is about a zero percent change, after the election,... she'd have 200 people in a conference room in a small hotel. 
You know, the saddest thing, we, I, we're making them rich. They never had ratings like this. You know, when the NFL is down 20 percent, it's the flag. But it's also the fact that everybody is watching us on the different cable networks. Because, frankly, they find this more exciting than the NFL, and a hell of a lot more dangerous, right?
And is there any better place to be on a nice, beautiful evening in North Dakota than at a Trump rally, right? We're having a good time.
And I wish those cameras would circle the room to see how many thousands of people are here, because, you know, on the screen I look -- and all you see are those few beautiful, wonderful people -- I don't know who the hell I -- but you've got a nice group over there. I know you have Mike and some others. They're going to be so famous. But you see, like, that little group. That's all you see on camera. Would you please circle the room for the few honest... Please circle.
No, I just looked at the screen, and I said to my people, "How many people are here?" They said, "Six thousand in the arena, but we're going to be -- have to, unfortunately, walk 15,000 or 18,000 people that couldn't get in."
I said, "You've got to be kidding, because on the screen it looks like there's exactly 30 people. What the hell is this?  The late, great, Cecil B. DeMille would not have set it up this way, I will tell you.
The travel ban ruling underscores just how critical it is to confirm judges who will support our Constitution, our great, great Constitution.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, a very special guy, also just announced a little while ago his retirement from the United States Supreme Court.
Great man. And I'm very honored that he chose to do it during my term in office, because he felt confident in me to make the right choice and carry on his great legacy. That's why he did it.
And I'd like to take a moment to show our great appreciation for Justice Kennedy's lifetime of distinguished service. Terrific man. Service to our nation, and to the cause of liberty. We were thrilled to appoint one of Kennedy's former clerks to the Supreme Court. Did you ever hear of Justice Neil Gorsuch?
He's doing great. He's a star. And Justice Kennedy is a star. And we appreciate it. We really have to take our hats off to Justice Kennedy. Thank you very much.
And remember this. So, we have a pick to come up. We have to pick a great one. We have to pick one that's going to be there for 40 years, 45 years.
We need intellect. We need so many things to go. You know, there's so many elements go into the making of a great Justice of the Supreme Court. You've got to hit every one of them. Heidi will vote no to any pick we make for the Supreme Court. She will be told to do so.
Now, maybe, because of this, she'll be forced to vote yes. Who knows? But I will tell you she'll vote no the day after the election on everything. Justice Kennedy's retirement makes the issue of Senate control one of the vital issues of our time. The most important thing we can do.
Democrats want judges who will rewrite the Constitution any way they want to do it, and take away your Second Amendment, erase your borders...  ... throw open the jailhouse doors and destroy your freedoms.  We must elect more Republicans. We have to do that.
And the problem is, in the Senate, we have 51. We don't have enough. We lose one. If somebody gets a bad cold, let's assume they come in for a cold, but let's assume it's worse than that. It's a very tough situation. We need more Republicans, especially in the Senate. We have to hold the House, and maybe even increase it. And I think we'll be able to do it.
They keep talking about this blue wave. Their blue wave is really sputtering pretty badly. The red wave is happening. Just look what happened last night. Famous people. Oh, they're going to be so famous tomorrow.
You were in that little group of people behind the president. Yeah. They're going to be famous people, those people. You have a better location, but they're going to be famous.
Republicans want strong borders and no crime. Very simple. Not complex. Democrats want open borders and crime, crime, crime happens automatically when you have those open borders. 
The Democrats want to let the country be overrun. Just take a look at what's going on. Everybody comes in, including the vile gang, MS-13, which Nancy Pelosi has gone out and wants to protect, OK? We don't want to protect them.
Do you remember two weeks ago, you remember that. Republicans love our military. They love our vets and our police. The Democrats are always fighting against funding for the military, and funding for law enforcement. Figure that one out.
Democrats are now launching vicious smears against our incredible ICE officers and our Border Patrol agents. Every single day the men and women of ICE and the CBP work long hours in the most dangerous conditions you can imagine, to defend our families, and to defend our communities, and to defend our borders, and defend us.
And I'll tell you what. You know, far fewer people are coming through, as much as I complain, coming through our southern border. And now it's getting worse because we have so much opportunity here. We have done so well.
And we want people to come into our country. But we want them to come into our country based on merit. Merit. Not picked out of a jar. And we're sending MS-13 out by the thousands. By the thousands. We're liberating towns in Long Island. We are sending MS-13 out. You know, our ICE officers, they're tough.
I have got to say it. It's not nice. But they're mean. But they have heart. But they go into these towns, in Long Island. I grew up in Long Island, right next to Long Island.
And these are towns that I know all my life. They're being liberated, like a foreign power has taken over the towns. Our ICE goes in there. They grab 'em by the neck. They throw 'em in the paddy wagon. We get 'em the hell out of our country.
And the Democrats are constantly complaining that we're too rough on ICE. Do you believe it? Do you see what they do? Bing, bing. Right? You see what they're doing? No, but do you see what they're doing?
They don't need guns. They like knives, because knives are much more painful. They cut people up in small pieces. Beautiful young women, walking home from school. And the Democrats complain that we're treating them too rough. We're getting them the hell out, as I said, by the thousands. Right?
Just days ago, a brave border agent was shot multiple times while protecting our border. Every day, border agents are keeping drugs, crime, and gangs from entering our country. We're going to get that wall built. We've already started it. $1.6 billion. We're getting the wall built.
It's already begun, and it's beautiful.
And I'll tell you what, they may not want to talk about it in California, but those people in San Diego are very happy with Donald Trump. I'm building that wall, and they are so happy.
They are so happy. In recent days, we've heard of shameless attacks on these courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. "We don't want ICE anymore."
You know what would happen to parts of our country? It would be overrun with the worst criminal elements you have ever seen. Left-wing activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs, and publicly posting their home addresses, putting these incredible people and their families in harm's way. 
These radical Democrat protesters, they really want anarchy. But the only response they will find from our government is very strong law and order. We will not tolerate attacks on our law enforcement. We will protect our law enforcement, like they protect us.
We will always stand proudly with our brave heroes of ICE, the Border Patrol, the sheriffs, the police, yes, the firemen. The foremen sometimes are under attack, if you can believe it. The firemen. These are great people. And we have their backs.
Thanks to Republican leadership, America is winning again, and America is being respected again all over the world. We're respected again.
All over the world, we're respected again. You know, all those red hats and the white hats, Make America Great Again. Right? Make America Great Again. And that's what we're doing.
And what are we going -- what are we going to say in two and a half years for the next campaign? It's called Keep America Great, exclamation point. Exclamation point. Keep America Great! We gained $7 trillion in value, trillion with a "t". Trillion.
I have wealthy friends, like Harold Hamm. They don't even know what a trillion represents. I say, "Harold, how many billion are in a trillion?" And I'm not sure that Harold could answer that.
But I'll tell you what. We've gained tremendous worth, economic worth, and other worth, more important worth. We're respected again, we're putting America first, we're making great trade deals.
$7 trillion. Think of what that it. And people don't realize this. And we're going to get along with China. And we're going to get along with the European Union, which has barriers from our farmers and our people, selling product into the European Union.
Last year, with the European Union, and we love the European Union. We love the countries of the European Union. But the European Union, of course, was set up to take advantage of the United States, to attack our piggy bank, right? And you know what, we can't let that happen.
Last year, with the European Union, we lost $151 billion on trade. We had a trade deficit of $151 billion, because they send the Mercedes in. They send the BMWs in. They send their products in. We send things to them, they say, "No, thank you. We don't take your product."
That's not the way it works. And for all those free traders out there, that's not free trade. That's stupid trade.  That's stupid trade.
So -- so, I said to them, as the great Harold Hamm would say, because to him it's a natural thing, to some of the people in here it's a nat -- because I know some of the people. They're great business people.
I said to the, very simply, "Look. If you treat us that way, and if you don't take down your barriers" -- they call them trade -- you know what they call them. Non-monetary barriers. They're barriers. Just like charging a big tariff, they charge us many times tariff.
If we send them a car which they don't want, and they practically don't take, but on the assumption it got through, they charge us many, many times what we charge them. And I said, "Look. If you're not going to treat us fairly, if you're not going to treat our workers, our companies, our farmers fairly, if you're not going to take our farm products like we take your farm products, then we're going to tax all of those beautiful Mercedes Benzes that are coming in, and we're going to tax BMWs that are coming in..."
... and we're already taxing, through tariffs, their steel and their aluminum. And, by the way, do you see what's happening with our steel industry in the last four months? It's booming again, folks. It's booming.
United States Steel is opening up six plants through expansion and new. I was in South Carolina the other night where, by the way, a great candidate won very easily. You know, our track record is extraordinarily good, right? That's why I'm here, for Kevin, that's why.
That's why I'm here. But they just announced the day I get there, they have a steel company called Georgetown. It's been closed for four years. They announced the day before I got to South Carolina that Georgetown Steel is reopening and hiring 600 people. Not so complicated.
We put tariffs on solar panels because China was flooding the market and it wasn't good stuff. We had 32 plants. Two were open and they were barely breathing. They were mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. We put a 30 percent tax on solar panels coming into the United States.
Now, those two plants are doing great. And they're talking about opening at least 10, 11, or 12, and they'll probably have them all open very soon. And they're going to make high quality panels. And a lot of jobs.
Same thing with washing machines. Sounds sort of tacky. Washing machines. Big business. They were dumping, different countries -- I don't even want to tell you this country because I actually like this country, but, you know, they all -- sometimes our worst enemies are our so-called friends or allies, right?
But they were dumping washing machines. We put a big tariff on, 30 percent. We're now making washing machines back in our country. But what else are we doing? Think of it. Just think, because you never hear this from the fake news. 
What else are we doing? No, what else? We're creating jobs, number one. And we're taking in billions and billions of dollars into our coffers.
You know, there was a time -- there was a time when we had tariffs, because you had presidents like President McKinley and Roosevelt and others. Roosevelt, one, who liked the idea of foreign countries, when they come in and want to take our wealth, they have to pay for it. They don't take it. On top of everything else, so they take our wealth, and we even protect them with our military. We protect everybody. So, we get it every which way.
So, we want to just tell those people, number one, we created a lot of jobs. Number two, what's happening is we're taking in billions and billions -- look at the steel. We have a 25 percent tariff. We're taking in billions of dollars, creating jobs, and -- and, you know what? Even if it wasn't perfect, we need a steel industry. We were going to have no steel plants.
If something ever happened -- if something ever happened, you know what I'm talking about, and we needed steel to make that something, we wouldn't be able to make steel. We need -- you know, there are some industries, steel and aluminum, we have got to have it.
So, we have jobs, we have a vibrant industry, in a short -- the head of United States Steel called me the other day. And he said, "Mr. President, I'd like to thank you. I have never seen anything like it. We haven't opened up a new plant in 32 years. And now we're opening up seven of them. "Six of them extensions. "We're going to build a new one." And that's just one company.
The Heritage Foundation reported that in just the first 500 days of our presidency -- not my presidency. It's our presidency, let's face it. It's not my presidency. You're the one that did it. You're the one that did it. Although I've been a good student.
I told John, and I told the whole group. We had a whole group of politicians before. And, you know, some of them have been congressmen, like, for 25, 30 years. And they're asking me questions about politics. I said, "I've only been doing this for two and half years. Don't ask me a question like that."  But we've been good students, haven't we, altogether? Haven't we been good students?
But the Heritage Foundation came out with a report, and this was as of two months ago. We've already implemented 64 percent of our top agenda items. And that's at a much faster pace than even Ronald Reagan. That's pretty good, right? And you don't hear this from the fake news. We've created 3.4 million new jobs since election day, 3.4.
Unemployment -- think of this one. Unemployment claims are at a 45-year low, and it's going to 63, I believe, probably, next month. African-American unemployment is at its lowest level in the history of our country. Hispanic-American unemployment also is at the lowest point in the history of our country.
Unemployment among women, women... remember, we were going to do so poorly with women. Look at all the women here tonight. Women for Trump.
They never take those cameras off my face. Look at all the women. Remember we were going to do so poorly with women. We did great with the women. If -- I wouldn't be standing...
My wife told me, she said, "You're going to do great with the women." It's hard to believe it, though, with the kind of press we get. Do you agree? But, you know what? They are so smart. And when they hear those numbers, they're happy.
And when you hear the numbers -- I used to go into arenas, and I'd read the horrible statistics on crime and education, and how badly people are being treated in Hispanic communities, in African-American communities. And you remember, I'd go and I'd say, "You've been voting for Democrats for 100 years. You have these horrible"-- look at my friends, right there. Great guys. My friends. Thank you.
You've had these horrible, horrible statistics for years on crime and the educational abuse, and all of the things. And I went in, and I'm reading them, point after point, and I'm seeing, and I'm -- I looked out at the audience. For 100 years they were with Democrats. The Democrats felt they had automatic votes. And I said to them, "What the hell do you have to lose? Vote for me. What do you have to lose? "What do you have to lose?"
And I came off the stage. I'll never forget it. The first time I just said it. I just said it. I didn't care. I -- honestly, I want to say what's right. I don't care. I came off the stage and my political people said, "Sir, that's a horrible thing." What's a horrible thing? "When you say, 'what the hell do you have to lose?' That's a horrible thing."
I said, "But it's true. What the hell do you have to lose?" And now, I just said African-American unemployment is at the lowest level in history. Very, very good. Thank you, . Thank you. Thank you, . Thank you very much. Thank you.
So, we keep going, and we keep striving. And when it's all over, nobody's done the job that we've all done. Wages are rising. You know, for those of you that were with the campaign, which I think was probably about 130 percent of you...
... you would hear me talking about wages. Where a person would have a job 21 years ago, 19 years ago from two years, where we were doing the campaign. And they made more money 19 years ago, relatively speaking, by far, than they made two years ago. And, actually, one year ago.
Their wages were going along, and they had one job. And now they'd have two and three jobs. They'd be working much harder and making much less money. And now, for the first time in 22 years, wages are rising again.
And even more importantly than that is, you have a choice of jobs. It's like the V.A. We approved choice. They've been trying to do it for 45 years. Choice. You have choice in a job. But the vets -- and you have great vets in North Dakota. Vets, vets, vets.
So, remember, I used to say about the vets -- and I wasn't a great student of the vets, but I'd read where the vets would be online for 13 days, 18 days, three weeks, seven days. And they'd start off, and they wouldn't be in bad shape. And sometimes it would take so long before seeing a doctor that they would be terminally ill. Things that could have been taken care of.
And I said, without knowing anything -- I thought it was the most brilliant policy I've ever heard. I said, "Why don't they just go to a doctor, local, that's looking for the business, that would be a very good doctor. We'll specify certain great doctors. Go to a doctor. Be taken care of. And we will pay the bill, and it will be much less expensive, and you'll be all set, right?" Right?
And I thought that was so brilliant. I said, "Oh, I am so smart. I am the smartest person." My uncle was a great professor at MIT for 40 years. Can you believe? Forty years. I said, "But I'm smarter than him. I'm smarter than anybody."
And you know what? I'll tell you. I came in, and I said that to a group of people that are professionals and have been working with the vets for a long time. They said, "Yeah, we know about that. We've been trying to get it for 30 years. We couldn't get it approved." So, I was so disappointed, because I thought it was my idea. But I'll tell you what I was good at. 
I was good at getting it done. We got it done. I signed it. That's what I was good at. I got it done. We got it done. They'd been trying to get it done for 40 years. I was so disappointed. I thought it was my idea. That's the only problem. I thought it was my idea.
And, you know, we have another thing. Accountability with the vets. The V.A. -- there was no accountability. You'd have people that were protected, whether it was civil service unions, who cares. They were protected. You couldn't fire them.
They could be sadists, and we had sadists. Sick people. We had people that would steal and rob. We had a lot of bad people. We had people that didn't work hard. And there was no accountability. For 40 years they tried to get the V.A. Accountability Act passed. I got it passed. And now, you look at the guy that did it, and you say, "Jim Smith, you've done a hell of a lousy job. You're late, and you don't treat our vets right. Jim, I'm sorry, you're fired. Get out of here." Right? Right? "Jim, you're fired."
So, those two things for the -- I just approved them. The accountability was a couple of months ago. And John helped so much. I'll tell you. John helped so much. He was a leader. Thank you. He was a leader on both.
And everybody said you couldn't get accountability done. I said, "Why?" Too much power, too many unions, too many people that just don't want it done. You had people in Arizona that robbed $300,000 and they could -- they agreed. Everybody agreed. They robbed the money. They couldn't fire the people.
So now you have -- accountability is done. And I think even more important -- I'm not sure. But even more important, V.A. choice. So now you go see a doctor when you have to wait on line. OK?
Optimism among America's great manufacturers has hit 95 percent, the highest number by far in the history of the survey, which is a very old survey. We have eliminated record numbers of job-killing regulations.
I think maybe as important as the tax cuts are the regulations. Our country was choking. And let me tell you, if our opponent, our wonderful opponent...
... when is she going to get over it? When does she get over it?
Oy, when do they get over it? But, you know, it is pretty amazing. Point after point, guilty, guilty, guilty, guilty. Oh, she's OK.
And then they go after us for a Russian hoax. It's a witch hunt hoax. It's -- isn't it incredible, when you talk about a double standard? When you talk about a double standard. And nobody even looks at her. Nobody even looks, I don't think, unless we're going to be surprised some day. Well, we'll see how that works out.
But I'll tell you what. What's happened is somewhat of a miracle because we weren't expected to win. But every time I'd go out, we'd have crowds like this. We went to Michigan. We went to Wisconsin. We went to places that haven't been done. I think Wisconsin was 1952. Dwight Eisenhower. And we won Wisconsin.
And Wisconsin, I went there, and I said, "I think we're going to win this state." And people said to me, "Oh, sir. It won't happen." I said, "Why? Look at the crowds we're getting. Look at the people. Look at the signs outside of the house. Look at the signs."
I heard, and maybe it's not so, that Bill Clinton, President Bill Clinton, went back, and he went through Michigan. And he said, "You'd better get some people out to Michigan, because there's a Trump-Pence sign on every house. You'd better get people out." And they said, "Oh, no. Our statistics show that Michigan cannot be won by the Republicans."
Well, let me tell you what's happened. Car plants are moving into Michigan. Jobs are moving into Michigan. Michigan's very happy with your president. They should have listened to Bill Clinton. They should have listened. And we just had our highest poll numbers. And I watch these fakers back there, and they'll be talking. 
Well, you saw the polls that come out -- I don't know if this is true. You know, a year and a half ago, they said I was an interloper. How bad is that? An interloper. And now they say, and you will admit, a thing comes out, a big poll, and a couple of polls. A number of polls that, "He's the most powerful, most popular, Republican in the history of the party." And a little while ago I was an interloper.
They came out "more popular than" a man I like, Ronald Reagan. Well -- but think of it. You go from interloper -- that's a horrible term, right? I was just doing my thing. I'm not an interloper.
But we have tremendous -- look at the people. We endorsed Dan Donovan. He was behind. We endorsed him. He won by, like, 24 points or something last night, in Staten Island, New York, and New York generally. Dan Donovan, Congressman.
Last night we had a great evening because we watched that television and we were winning left and right. They didn't know what the hell happened. And one of my biggest critics, a slovenly man named Joe Crowley, got his ass kicked... 
... by a young woman who had a lot of energy. She had a lot of energy. I guess he didn't see it. They couldn't find him. He spent a lot of money. He actually had a lot of money left over. Everyone is pouring a fortune because they figure -- and he was going to take Nancy Pelosi's place.
And I was so disappointed, because I want to keep Nancy Pelosi right where she is, with Maxine Waters. I want to keep Nancy Pelosi. Please, I want to make a plea to my Democrat friends. Please, please, please don't remove Nancy Pelosi. She should be where she is. And please keep Maxine Waters on the air, as your face and your mouthpiece for the Democrat Party. Please.
Maxine and Nancy. So, I was disappointed in a way when he got beaten, because he was going to take her place, I think. Now, he's just looking at us and saying, "Darling, what happened?" Politics is a mean game, isn't it? It's a mean -- it's a fleeting game. Six months ago, Republicans passed the biggest tax cuts and reform in American history.
Our plan doubled the child tax credit, thank you to Ivanka Trump. She wanted that so badly. She really got to be a pest. "Dad, you've got to get child tax credit." I said, "Darling, nobody knows what it is." She said, "The women know, Dad. The women know."
My daughter and my wife, Melania, they love -- they love the women. And the women love them. The women love them. And the men love them. Child tax credits. People don't talk about it that much. It's very substantial. And you know we got it for you.
We slashed taxes for working families, most of them in half, and saved our family farms and our small businesses by eliminating the estate tax in almost all cases. It's known as the death tax. And now, when you leave your small business or your farm, you leave it to your children. Your children don't go -- have to back. They don't go to the bank, borrow money, and end up losing the farm or losing the business.
Thank Kevin and John and the whole group, they helped us a lot. And guess what. Heidi voted against it. OK? She voted against it. 
Heidi voted against it. And she's always going to vote against it. And by the way, she may give us a couple of quickie votes, you know, before the election. She might, because she has no choice. But the day after that election, she's voting party line, 100 percent.
More than 100 utility companies nationwide have slashed prices for customers, saving them and this country much more than $3 billion, which goes and reduces your electric and utility bill.
Heidi and every single Democrat voted against our tax cuts. We're also fixing the disastrous trade deals that have plundered our wealth, gutted our communities, undermined our great farmers, taken our jobs. We are going to make trade fair and reciprocal. Reciprocal. You know what that is. They do it to us. We do it to them.
And we are placing very big tariffs on some of these countries, because they have tariffs on us. It's incredible. I wonder where these people come from. Even politicians.
So, we'll have a country. It doesn't matter. I can almost name any of them. They have massive tariffs on our people, on our workers, on our farmers, on our country, on our companies. So, we say we're going to put tariffs on them. And I'll actually have politicians and other people come to me. "Oh, please. We want free trade." How is it free trade?
I'll give you an example. China. If we make a car and sell it into China, they charge us a 25 percent tax. That's what it is. Twenty-five percent.
When they make a car and sell it into the United States, and there are a lot of them, we charge them the grand total of 2.5 percent, and they don't pay that. 
And then when I want to raise the game and play the game of poker, a game that we can't lose, I'll get even politicians, mostly Democrats, but even a couple of Republicans. They'll say, "We want free trade."
That's not free trade. That's not fair trade. It is so ridiculous. Just play the game for a little while. It's a game we can't lose.
You know, I've said a couple of times, when we're $500 billion down, they say, "Trump is starting a trade war." I say no. The trade war ended a long time ago, and the United States lost because our leaders didn't take care of our people and our companies.
So, we're not starting a trade war, but we'll finish it. And you know what? In the end, you know what's going to happen. And it's already happening. Already happening.
They're going to come to us, and they're going to say, "Hey, let's work it out." And we're going to work it out. It's very simple. But remember -- it is. It's the art of the deal, but anybody can do the deal. There are a lot of people. This one doesn't get much simple.
Remember, it's true. When you're $500 billion down, you can't lose. You already lost. But now we're going to start winning. Or at least we're going to make it fair. It doesn't even have to -- we've got to make it fair.
And the fact that we've had presidents and we've had leaders that worked for those presidents, negotiators, trade reps, who were missing in action. They weren't doing their job.
You know, I was dealt a lot of bad hands. I was given North Korea where, frankly, we were very close to going to war. You could have lost 30 million people, 50 million people. Seoul is 30 miles off the border. They have what they call cannons, like howitzers. They have cannons, thousands of them, pointed.
I had the meeting. We had a great relationship. We had a great chemistry together. The fake news was so upset when I said we had a good relationship. We had a good chemistry. They said, "That's a horrible thing." No, no. It's a good thing. Getting along with countries, getting along with China, getting along with Russia, getting along with these countries is a good thing. It's not a bad thing. Not a bad thing.
And so, we have things cooking now. You're going to be so happy. But when people rush it -- you know, it's like rushing the turkey out of the stove. It's not going to be as good. The women can tell me, and some of the men. See, today I have to be politically correct. See, in the old days... 
... in the old days I would have never -- I just would have said, "Oh, I don't want to. It's too hokey." But it's true. Some of the men can tell me, too. Right? Some of the men.
But here's what we do. The more they rush, the worse it's going to be. The longer we take, the better. Your farmers, your people are going to be great.
You know, John -- I'll tell you, John and Kevin gave me something. They just told me this. Canadian wheat markets consistently discriminate against the United States' wheat by grading it as feed. Do you know what that means? They know what it means. I don't know what the hell it means. I just know it's a bad deal. 
But it's true. Canada charges us on dairy products a tariff of 275 percent, for you farmers in here. Two hundred. That's like saying, "We don't want your dairy products." It's no good.
That's like saying, "We don't want North Dakota, Wisconsin, New York State. We don't want you there." Two hundred and seventy-five percent. And I actually hear that's an old number. They raised it a number of months ago to 300 percent. How horrible is that?
And then Justin gets up. He said, "We fought World War I, we fought World War II," all true, "together." All true. We love Canada. But they're taking advantage of us. We can't let that happen. We can't let it happen. The era of global freeloading and taking advantage of the United States is over. It's just over.
We're also restoring American security by rebuilding our military. We've secured a historic $700 billion. Just got it approved. $700 billion. We're rebuilding our military. And next year, already approved, $716 billion. We're rebuilding our military. It will be bigger and stronger than ever before. And hopefully we will never have to use it, because when it's bigger and stronger, you tend not to have to use it, OK? And in addition to that, we got $6 billion for drugs and fighting opioid abuse. $6 billion.
We believe in peace. But it's got to be peace through strength, not weakness. Peace through strength. And I've directed the Pentagon to begin the process of creating a sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, called the Space Force. The Space Force.
Space Force. Because space is the new frontier. And I'm not just talking about going to up to the moon and going to Mars. And I want the rich guys -- you know, we have rich guys. They love these rockets. I said, "Lease them the land. Charge them a lot. They'll..." -- they just want to send rockets.
But I look at it, with Bezos, with Elon Musk, they all love rockets. I said, "That's OK. Let's do it." Let them send a rocket up to Mars. Let's be the first. I hope they go fast. Let's help them. Let's make it really good for them. And if they do it, we're going to claim it on behalf of the United States, OK?
We'll give them no credit. Let them spend the money. I think it's great. But I have a lot of military guys. And space, from a military standpoint, is really the new frontier. So, we're going to have a Space Force. Every day we are keeping our promises. But to keep this momentum going, we need Kevin Cramer in the Senate.
All of us tonight are united by the same tireless values. We have pride in our history, respect for our great, beautiful, wonderful American flag, right?
We put our hands on our hearts for the Pledge of Allegiance. And we proudly stand for our national anthem. Right? Proudly stand.
In everything we do, we are standing up for our citizens. We are standing up for America, and we are standing up for North Dakota. Thank you.
The forgotten men and women of our country are forgotten no more. No more. They don't know where they all came from.
And by the way, our people, they call it the base, they used to say it's 35. Then they said it's 40. Then they said it's 42. Then they have these polls go -- we're driving them crazy. Now they say it's over 50 percent And then they said -- some great people. They said, "Any time Trump gets a poll, add 12 to it."
Really. And did you ever notice -- I hate it. I meet these people. They call them the elite. These people. I look at them. I say, "That's elite?"
We got more money. We got more brains. We got better houses, apartments. We got nicer boats. We're smarter than they are. And they say, "The elite." We're the elite. You're the elite.
We're the elite. So, I said the other day, "Let's keep calling these people." And look, let's face it. They've been stone cold losers, the elite. The elite.
So, let's let them keep calling themselves the elite. But we're going to call ourselves -- and remember, you are indeed. You work harder, but you are indeed smarter than them. Let's call ourselves from now on the super-elite. We're the super-elite. We are the super-elite.
You are the people who farm the prairies, tame the badlands, and squeeze oil out of rock. Ugh. You celebrate your heritage, and you live life proudly under the big beautiful skies. And you have the big beautiful skies out here.
Loyal citizens like you helped rebuild this country and together we are taking back our country, returning power to the everyday, smart, brilliant, wonderful, hard-working American people.
We are standing on the shoulders of the American patriots who settled the frontier, scaled the Rockies, and won the American west. These are great, incredible, strong tough, tough people. This state was forged by pioneer men and women who braved the cold and tamed the wilderness to build a home on the plains and a life for their families. And it's been an incredible life. These North Dakota pioneers were tough as hell and they were strong and they were smart.
And they all had one thing in common. They loved their families. They loved their countries, and they loved their God. They never gave up and they never, ever, gave in. And neither will we. We will never stop fighting for our country, our families, and we will never, ever, stop fighting for our freedom.
As long as we are proud of who we are and what we are fighting for, we will never ever fail. With your help, with your voice, with your vote, we will win, win, win.
Like we're doing. Remember how I started. This country, our country, our flag, we are respected again. All over the world they're talking about us. Leaders from all over the world, they call me, or they come to the Oval Office, and they say, "Congratulations, Mr. President, on the incredible job with the economy, the incredible job you're doing with your country. The fact that your country is respected again, congratulations, Mr. President." Because we are Americans, and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
And together, we will make America wealthy again. We will, and are, making America strong again. We will make America safe again. Look at our military. We will make our great, great America stronger and more powerful than ever before.
We will make America loving again. Love it. Love it. We're going to come together. And we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, North Dakota. Go out and get Kevin Cramer in the -- thank you, Kevin. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, North Dakota. It's a great honor. Thank you.
Hello, everyone. Hi. Hi, everybody. Hello, everybody. It was a little rocky up in the sky tonight, I have to say. They said, "Sir, would you mind going back? Would you mind if we didn't stop?" I said, "There's no way. We cannot stop," right?
No, we're not going to do that. We're not going to do that for a man named Henry McMaster. We're not going to do that. I wouldn't have the courage to call Henry. Henry, I said I was coming, but I'm only kidding. It's raining out real bad and we're not showing up. I wouldn't do it to you, so thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
And also it is the Air Force One. I said let's just go through and it does. Listen, it is great, it is great to be with you. It's a very special state. I love this state with so many incredible, hardworking American patriots at -- American patriots.
Before we begin, let's all take a moment to send our love to Katie Arrington, who was badly hurt in a terrible car accident. And somebody going the wrong way and Katie really badly hurt along with a friend of hers and somebody else killed frankly in the other car. And Katie is a very special person. She was out there right from the beginning. And here's the good news, she's going to be 100 percent. That's the good news. She's going to be 100 percent.
So, Katie, we're all pulling for you and we're praying for your very swift recovery. She's going to be back very soon. And she was with us, boy, she was out there campaigning against a guy I've never liked too much. Never liked him too much. I wasn't a big fan. The Tallahassee Trail must be a beautiful place. Unfortunately, he didn't go there.
So I want to thank all of our South Carolina GOP leaders in attendance. We have a man who has become a friend of mine. It's shocking, isn't it? It's shocking. We went at it and he said, "I'll defeat him in South Carolina." I said, "I don't think so. I don't think so." But I'll tell you what, he has become a friend and he's a good man, Lindsey Graham.
Lindsey. That's pretty good I think, Lindsey. That's pretty good. No, he's been great. Congressman Joe Wilson and Tom Rice. South Carolina attorney general, a very close personal relationship to Joe, Alan Wilson. Good job, Alan. He's looking good. South Carolina Secretary of State Mark Hammond. Thank you, Mark. And candidate for lieutenant governor Pamela Evette. Pamela. Thanks, Pamela.
And finally the person we are all here for today, a man who truly was with me from the beginning. There was no doubt about it. He was there right from the beginning. We won the state of South Carolina by a lot both in the primaries, both in the primaries and in the general election. We won it. We had to run the whole east coast and we got South Carolina and we got North Carolina. We love North Carolina.
We got Pennsylvania and we got Florida. We started off that night. Donald Trump has won the State of Florida, right? And they go, whoa, whoa, they just lost Florida. And you know what they said? Don't worry about it, North Carolina -- they said North Carolina is our firewall. South Carolina we have no chance, but North Carolina. And so we won South Carolina, thank you very much.
And the firewall wasn't much of a firewall in North Carolina. So I want to thank the incredible people of South Carolina for everything you've done. And right from day one when I came down here, Henry McMaster, I said, "So why are you with me?" He said, "Because I like what you're saying. I agree. We need strong borders." We're talking about it now and we have.
So he said we need strong borders, we have to stop crime, we want lower taxes, we love our military, we love our vets and we love our second amendment. Other than that, I don't know what he said.
I don't know what else he told me, but you know what, that was enough, right? And he was sort of this like handsome guy with a wonderful wife, Peggy. Where's Peggy?
So Henry was for me from the beginning. There was nobody else. It wasn't like I supported Trump. Somebody says I supported Donald Trump very early, yes, after seven other people. After the defeat of nine people, they were with me and they never let you forget it. But Henry was there at the beginning. He's a fighter, he's tough, he's strong and he's a gentleman. He's a gentleman.
The thing with Henry because I really got to know him, I tell you what, he was up early in the morning, he left late at night. I said, "You really are a fighter." The beautiful thing with Henry is you don't even know it. He does it in a very elegant manner, but he is a fighter. He's been here with us. And, Henry, I'd like to ask you just to come on up. This has been an interesting voyage over here. I have never taken a longer trip. I have never taken a longer trip ever to South Carolina. Come here, Henry.
Thank you, Henry. Now, you know we have a lot of fake news back there, these fakers. And you know that if a horrible thing happened and we weren't lucky enough to have Henry win, you know they won't talk about it, they will say Donald Trump suffered a major, major defeat in the great state of South Carolina. It was a humiliating defeat for Donald Trump. So please get your asses out tomorrow and vote.
You got to get out there and vote. And, honestly, not for that reason, you want to get out. He's a great man. He's a wonderful person. He loves the people of South Carolina. He loves the people of our country. You got a good man or I wouldn't be here, believe me, I wouldn't be here.
You know, the last time I endorsed somebody, as you know, was Katie and I was in Singapore. There's like this massive difference in time. Who knows? I said, "Let me ask you, we have a situation that's very interesting. I'm turning on the television, I see the race and I say, what time is it right now in South Carolina?" They said, "Sir, it's almost four o'clock." I said, "Oh, I've got to endorse Katie." I said, "How many hours are left?" They said like three and a half. I said, "Maybe I shouldn't do it because I won't have enough." And what happened, I did. I said I don't care. I can't stand that guy.
I don't care. I don't care. And I like her. She was another one right from the beginning. She didn't talk about other people, right? So I said OK. So we had like three hours, three and a half hours left something. I'm just lifting off from Singapore far away. It was a 22-hour flight. Do you think that's fun? That's not even fun in Air Force One, OK? "When are we landing?" "Sir, we're almost there, seven more hours." Oh, good. When they tell you you're almost there, you only have seven hours left. And, by the way, we had a great success, North Korea. Chairman Kim, great, great success.
We're not looking up in the air. Any rockets up there? Any rockets? Japan is very happy, they haven't had a rocket shut over them in seven months. There's been no rocket tests. There's been no nuclear tests. There's been no ballistic missiles. They've blown up their site. Today, it got no coverage because fake news doesn't cover.
But today, look at all those fake newsers back there. Look at them. That's a lot. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. And you want to see a lot of people, go outside, this is a gymnasium. I said, "Henry, I don't work gymnasiums anymore." He said, "Please." I said, "OK, I'll be there." Go outside and take a look outside. You won't believe what's going on out there. So you people understand real estate well.
But we have a call and I had numerous calls with Prime Minister Abe, so happy for the people of Japan. They're happy for the people of China. They're happy for the people especially of South Korea and were happy. And you know what, we did something that was wonderful and the world is soon going to be and right now it is already, we have good chemistry, but the world is going to be a much safer place. And North Korea is going to be a much better place, so it was really something, really something.
And they've agreed to denuclearization. They've agreed to no more testing, no more of this. They agreed. By the way, we got our hostages back. We got our hostages. I got them back even before we left. We're getting the remains of our great heroes back.
And when I first made the announcement that we're getting together, this was five, six months ago, it was in the Oval Office. I'll never forget it and these guys were saying unbelievable, unbelievable. Do you believe this?
South Korea, remember, they came over from South Korea, they stopped, North Korea, South Korea, the Olympics, and it started with the Olympics which Chairman Kim said, "We want to go to the Olympics." I said, "Yes, that's nice." That's a big difference from the dialogue we were having, right? Slight, slight. They want to go to the Olympics. And the Olympics would have been a massive failure and it turned out to be a massive success.
And President Moon of South Korea gives us the credit. They were not selling. People did not want to be nuked in stadium as they watched the opening ceremonies. They don't want to be watching the opening ceremonies and at the same time looking at up the skies, how long will this last? They were not exactly selling tickets, the minute that happened and he said, "We'd like to be part of the Olympics" out of nowhere. The minute that happened, the Olympics became a fantastic success. It was a great Olympics. It was a great Olympics.
And we now have a good chemistry. We have a good chemistry. I think it's going to work out. And it's a period of time, takes a while, takes a long time, not easy, not easy. They've been doing this for many, many decades and not that easy, but they took down signs, anti-United States sign, all over North Korea down.
They took them down, anti-U.S. signs like I put up anti-media signs all over the place. You're worse than I am. No, we just want honesty. We want a little fairness. We want a little fairness, right? We want that. We don't get very much of it.
But it's sort of interesting, so we make the deal. And we signed a piece of paper and it was a beautiful piece of paper, it said we will denuke, we will this, we will that, we will get the remains back, we will do all of these things, a lot of things. We will not test, we will abandon our -- they have an engine site for, these are not engines like for your car. These are engines for ballistic missiles. They got to rip that down. So point after point after, but it starts off first sentence,, we will denuclearize North Korea, OK.
So you know what the fake news said? Donald Trump has suffered a humiliating defeat because I agreed to meet, I said I agreed to meet. In other words, because I agreed to meet they couldn't think of anything else. So I will say this, at the beginning they couldn't believe it was happening. Two days later, they were saying Hillary Clinton could have done that. I don't think so. I don't think so.
Did you ever see anybody so protected in your life? Did you ever see that? Point after point after point, and I did nothing and it just never ends, never ends. No collusion, no nothing. But you go point and you know what after the election I said, OK, let's go, come on, who cares? Let's go. We got to make America great again. And then she writes a book and she does the tour, and how many reasons that she give for losing the election, like every week there was a different reason, right? She blamed everybody for losing the election except for one person, herself.
And the funny thing is so, look, Lindsey was just telling me every other Republican it would have been very tough. They all lost. I won. I won when I won South Carolina, but to win all up and down the east coast, to win Wisconsin, which hasn't been won in many years, like 1972 I think, that's a long time, to win Michigan, which hasn't been won in a long time, and they give her, they say she was a bad candidate, I mean, honestly she was a tough candidate. She wasn't a bad candidate, but they refused to say that I was a good candidate. They refused.
It's very interesting, I just pick this out. Sometimes you have to toot your own horn because nobody else is going to do it. Certainly, they're not going to do it. No, no, certainly they're not.
Certainly, they're not going to do it so sometimes you have to do it, right? That's why when the polls are good, you remember during the campaign, when the polls were good I would always talk about it. When they weren't so good, I wouldn't mention it, right? I didn't talk polls. But they were good, for a lot of time they were good. And, by the way, Georgetown Steel just opened their plant yesterday.
They're spending a lot of money after many years of being closed, Georgetown Steel in South Carolina. So here's a story that just came out. David Lynch, the great filmmaker, David Lynch, he puts down headline, "Trump could go down..." He's a Hollywood guy. The reason I do this is you don't hear this, and plenty of them voted for me. Plenty of them voted for me.
David Lynch, could go down as one of the greatest presidents in history, of course there goes his career, right, in Hollywood. Veteran filmmaker, David Lynch, believes President Donald Trump could be remembered as one of the greatest presidents in American history because of the way he has shaken up the political establishment because of what I've done.
However, he now appears to believe because he was a Democrat or is a Democrat or something, he actually voted for Obama. And here it says he voted for Bernie Sanders, OK, but he now says, however, he now appears to believe that Trump may have been the right choice after all.
He goes on to say that Trump could go down as one the greatest presidents in history because he has disrupted this thing so much. No one has been able to counter this guy in an intelligent way. And, by the way, they call them the elites, right, the elites. You know what you are? You're the super elites. I'm changing titles. I'm changing. I'm changing. No, no.
Look, everybody here makes money, works hard, pays taxes, does a great job. You're smarter, you're better, you're more loyal. We have the greatest face in the history of politics. They interviewed 10 women on one of the opposing networks, the enemy, the enemy of the people I call them. And they said to these women, these were about 10 really great women, these are none political women that had Trump here, Trump there, wearing Trump hats. Badges -- so this announcer said, "What can he do?"
And you've heard me say this because this happens a lot. "What can he do where you won't be with him? What can he do when you're going to drop Donald Trump?" And one of these women stood out, perhaps the leader, perhaps not, but she came forward and she said, "There's absolutely nothing he can do." Can you believe that? There is nothing he can do.
And she said he has done a great job so we're working on it. But there's David Lynch, enjoy it because his career is Hollywood is officially over. Did you see Jimmy Fallon? Jimmy Fallon.
The guy screws up my hair. He's going back and forth. He was so disappointed to find out it was real. He couldn't believe it. Well, that's one of the great things I got. Everybody used to say my hair is phony, it's not my hair, I'm wearing a hair piece. Anybody here wearing a hair piece now? But the one thing, they never say that anymore because I've been caught in rainstorms. I've been caught in winds that are like 60 miles an hour getting off. If it's not your hair, don't run for office, folks. Don't run. Do not run for office because the gig would be up.
So Jimmy Fallon apologized. He apologized for humanizing me, the poor guy because now he's going to lose all of us. Now, he's going to lose all of us. If somebody would open a talk show at night because the guy on CBS is -- what a low life, what a low life. I mean, honestly, are these people funny? And I can laugh at myself and frankly if I couldn't I be in big trouble. But there's no talent, they're not talented people.
Johnny Carson was talented. Some of these guys, no, seriously. I mean, this guy on CBS, has no talent. Jimmy Kimmel would meet me before the election. I'm telling you a true story. I don't even think he'd deny it. No talent, but I go to his studio to do a shot, to a do a thing, he would stand outside on the sidewalk waiting for me. "Oh, here he comes, Donald Trump, oh." He opens my door. I said does he do this to everybody, to his people? He does it for nobody. Now, who knows? Maybe that was just -- but he's waited for me two or three times I did a show before this. Now, he wouldn't do his show. That guy's terrible.
But I do a show and he's standing out on Hollywood, whatever, Boulevard and he's standing there opening up the door like, "Hello." I wasn't president. I was just like a guy, right? A guy with potential, right?
Good potential. And he's there, here he is. "Oh, sorry, how are you? Hi. So thank you so much for doing..." And I always got higher ratings than other people so that was always good.
But Jimmy Fallon calls me up and he's like a nice guy. He's lost. He looks like a lost soul, right? He gets out there, "Hey, hey, hi, oh." But you know what, he's a nice guy. I agreed to do a show and because I guess I was running at that time, I think I was, it was he got tremendous ratings on that show, killed everybody, right? He should be thankful. He couldn't be upset and angry, when you apologize because you got somebody else that didn't go on the other shows.
So I go on the show, I agree, do whatever you want with my hair, go ahead, let's go, and that was it. He woke up like what is it, a year and a half, two years later he's now apologizing because he humanized me and he really hurt himself.
So I said, "Jimmy, you called me up after the show and you said thank you for the incredible -- you called them monster ratings, they were very big ratings." I said, "Thank you, Jimmy, that's very nice." I said, "Don't hurt yourself by apologizing." So I said to him today on social media, I said, "Jimmy, be a man. Just relax. Just relax." It's incredible.
But if somebody had said to these guys that CBS, NBC, I made a fortune for NBC on The Apprentice, they treat me horribly. I think they're worse actually than CNN. I think NBC...
And they wanted to renew my contract. They wanted to renew my contract and they were doing everything. They had the top man at Comcast came up to see me in my office with a whole group of people, please, please renew your contract for The Apprentice. I said that's what I knew I was going to run so I turned it down. You know it's a primetime show doing well, 14 seasons, did great. Hey, Arnold Schwarzenegger, big movie star, took my place, it bombed in about two shows it was over. It actually bombed in one show. It was so bad they didn't believe it so they let it go a little bit longer. And the one who knew it was my wife, my wife.
She said, you know -- she's very smart. She said, "You know there's nobody that can take your place, don't you?" I said, "Thank you, darling. I appreciate it." How smart is that? Now, I don't know if she believes it, but she said there is nobody that can take your place. He will not be successful. I said he's doing no shows. "He will not be successful. There is nobody, darling, that can take your place." How smart is she? How smart, right? How smart.
And she has got a great style. We greeted today the king of Jordan and the queen of Jordan and it was like a picture. I watched the three of them, the queen, the king and the first lady, and I stood back and I watched. I didn't want to destroy that picture. And I will tell you, she has done a tremendous job as first lady.
And you know, she had an operation a few a weeks ago, kidney operation, and she's going to be great. She's fine. But they had all kinds of projections. They said she got a facelift. No. I would let you know. They couldn't hide that one for long, right? They said she left me and moved to Virginia. They said she left me and, all right, moved to New York. So she moved to Virginia, she moved to New York. The only thing they wouldn't say is what happened and that's OK. And she's private, she doesn't want to talk about things, right? But really unfair stuff, but you know what, we've never done better than we're doing now. We've never had a time like we're having. We've never had. We've never had higher polls than we have now.
Even Gallup, Gallup, who treats me horribly, polls are fake news also. What they do is called suppression. They put out these horrible polls and then they hope that everyone's going to say, "Hey, look, I like Trump, but he's got no chance of winning." Suppression, it should be illegal actually. You want to check these pollsters, where they're coming from, they knew.
We had one with ABC, I think it was ABC Washington Post just before the election, like a week before we're down 12. Now, if you're down 12, OK, if you're down 12 it's over if the polls are real. But I said it can't be real, we just went to Michigan, we had 30,000 people, we just went to other places. Excuse me, we went to South Carolina, but I didn't come here that often, you know why? Because we were leading by a lot.
So, I said -- I said, if you don't mind -- I said, "If you don't mind, do you mind if I don't come back here? I got to go to places like that we have it a little bit closer?" And nobody said, "Don't worry about it," they said, "You stay out of here, Mr. President, almost to be, Mr. President." But it really has been an incredible journey for all of us. We are the super elite, we are the super elite.
It is true. We are and we're going to call ourselves that. I said the other day because as you saw in my last speech, it's in Minnesota, great place, unbelievable crowd. It seated nine thousand and they had 15,000 or 20,000 people outside couldn't get in, it was incredible, just like you have a lot of people outside, you just can't.
If I ever come into an arena, and it's got empty seats, I think that's the end. I don't know I'll be able to take it, right? I don't know, Henry, what I'm going to do if that happens, huh? I don't think we'll be able to take it. Well, it's not going to happen. Because remember what I said, we're going to start winning again, we're winning, we're winning now. Like we haven't won before. Like we have not won before.
We're winning with our military, our military is now being built up like you wouldn't believe. We're winning with our military, we're winning on trade, we're winning on trade. We're defending our borders, because if you don't have borders, you don't have a country, you don't have it.
Oh, it's happening. That's happening. Oh, it's happening. It's not build that wall anymore, it's continue building that wall, because we're building it. We're building it, we're fixing it miles and miles, we've got $1.6 billion, we're fixing the wall, we're building wall in San Diego, it's incredible how nobody wants the wall until it's in their backyard, do you mind building us? They didn't like people walking across their front lawns in San Diego.
So, we're building the wall, we're fixing the wall, we're spending a lot of money, and we're going for more, and we'll get it done. But Democrats, they want open borders, and they don't mind crime. Think of it.
So last week they thought, "Oh, they have a great issue," and, you know, I get credit, I don't know if it's true or not, but they're saying I have good political instincts, who does?
In fact, some people have said, I have the greatest political instinct in 50 years. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. But I have my own feeling. And when I heard them talking about the children, first of all they were using pictures taken in 2014 when Barack Obama was president. I wasn't president.
And what I learned is one thing, our facilities are cleaner, better kept, and better run, that's the one thing I learned, OK? I saw that. But what we have is two extremes. You know, I liked it, I said, "Hey, this is fine for us." The Democrats want to open borders, they want anybody they wanted including MS-13 pouring into the country. And the Democrats don't like ICE, these are great, brave, tough people.
These people are much tougher than MS-13. They don't like Border Patrol, they don't like your police, they don't like anybody. The Democrats want to protect illegals coming into this country, some of whom are not good, some of whom cause lots of problems in the worst possible way, they want to protect illegals coming into the country, much more so than they want to protect you, and that's not where we're coming from, OK?
So, I defined it today, the Democrats want open borders and they don't mind crime. We want very tight, very strict borders, and by the way, you saw a 70 year or low, with all the complaining I'm doing, we've done a very good job, and we have taken thousands, we have taken -- we got to get that wall built all the way across, and they don't want it, that's like a symbol.
They're only good at one thing -- what's that term? Resist. It's the party of Maxine Waters, do you believe her?
No, no. No, no. This has become the party of Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi, that's who it is. So they don't mind crime, they want open borders, we one really tough borders, and we want people to come in, we want people to come in through the legal process, what about the thousands of people? What about the thousands of people that have gone through this process, that are waiting on line to come into our country, and then we're going to let these people pour in?
We have no idea who they are, and they came to me three days ago. Sir, we'd like you to sign this order. What is the order? We need five thousand judges on the border. I said, "Judges?" What other country has judges? I said, "How many do we have now?" They didn't even know. So we have thousands of judges and now we're going to have five thousand. Now, I've done a good job with judges, Judge Gorsuch, Supreme Court Justice Gorsuch.
And we have many judges, we will set the record I believe for the most judges appointed, which is a very important thing, we're putting great talented people who see the Constitution the way it's written, they don't make up the Constitution.
But they come up, and this was an order, this was -- sir, we need five thousand judges, I said, five thousand? So, we put a judge on like on the bench, federal, it takes us weeks to vet, it takes us a long time to get the judges, one -- we're talking about one person. And they want five thousand, I said, "Where are you going to find five thousand people to be judges? How many do we have now?" I don't know the number. They don't even know the number, even though they're in charge, OK? Nobody knows the number. We have thousands of judges already.
So, if a person comes into our country, steps one foot, they take their name, they bring them to court, they then release them, they go into the country, you never see them again. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. So, I said today, I said today, I don't want judges, I want ICE and Border Patrol Agents, that's what I want.
I want it, that's all. And we want to tell people, I'm sorry, you're coming into the country illegally, we don't want you in the country, that's it, it's now over. You know that I heard a number today which is hard to believe, we have 700,000 people waiting to go on trial, 700, this isn't from Trump, it was a disaster for Bush, although we very much appreciated Laura Bush's lovely letter, it was a disaster for Bush, it was a disaster for Obama, in fact, the head of his homeland was on over the weekend, and he -- honestly, he was very honest about it.
He said it was a tough thing, it was a tough time for them. But we're going to straighten it out. Hey look. I got a bad hand, I got the job, and trade deals were bad. I mean, how bad were trade deals?
Trade deals were bad. North Korea, they thought they were going to war, you go to war with North Korea, you're going to lose anywhere from 30 to 50 million people. Seoul is a city with 28 million people, 28 million people. So, you go, and you go to war, you lose 30, 40, 50, who knows? Millions of people, and I'm not even talking about nuclear, they have thousands of cannons aimed right at Seoul.
And I said, huh, I'm telling you before I got -- took over this office, there was a really good chance that we were going to war with North Korea, you could have lost millions, and millions of people. So, I got a bad hand with North Korea because that's should've been done years ago.
I got a bad hand with all these horrible trade deals, NAFTA is a disaster, Mexico is going to make over one hundred billion dollars in the United States this year, Canada, you know, Canada, nice guy, nice guy, Prime Minister Justin, I said, "Justin, what's your problem, Justin?" So, Canada, "Oh, Canada," I love their national anthem, "Oh, Canada," I like ours better, however.
So, you know, Canada is great, I love Canada, but -- and we had a wonderful understanding, you know that story, we hugged, we kissed, everybody was happy, I made some changes in this ridiculous thing that everybody agreed to sign, so it was meaningless, but I made some changes. I left everybody was happy, Prime Minister Abe said, "President Trump was right, everybody was in love." They took the picture with Merkel, but if they showed the picture of like two minutes later, I had a big smile, she had a big smile, we were friendly, everybody.
I get onto Air Force One, and he doesn't understand that Air Force One has 22 televisions. So, I come on, they have televisions in closets, they have televisions in areas that no place has -- unlimited budget, Air Force One, huh?
So I get onto the plane, and I see Justin Trudeau, Prime Minister of Canada saying, Canada will not be bullied by the United States, I said, "So, what are we doing here?" The fact is that Canada has a 275 percent tariff on dairy products, little thing called dairy products. Their lumber is a disaster with us, I say, why aren't we using our own lumber? Because now we're actually allowed to take lumber from our fields and regrow it, but take lumber from under our environmental system, in the old days you couldn't do that, we had to go to other countries, but we -- so lumber is a disaster, energy is a disaster, and, you know, I see Justin saying, "We fought World War I together, fought World War II together," that's true, we love Canada.
But Canada is charging almost 300 percent tariffs on dairy products and many other things, it's all working out great. It's all working out great. But I said, "Look, if you want to do that, we're going to put a little tariff when your cars are coming in," you know, cars are the biggie. Cars are the biggie. European Union, we lost $151 billion last year with the European Union. Sounds nice, many of us originally came from somewhere in the European Union. I had two parents, European Union.
So, it sounds wonderful, our country lost 151 billion. They send a Mercedes, they send BMW's, they send everything, we tax them practically nothing, we can't send our cars, and if we do, they charge many, many times the tax that we stupidly don't charge. So I told them, "Here's what we're going to do, we're going to charge a tariff on steel, until such time as you straighten out your act and you let us have fair." They don't...
They don't let our farmers into the European Union, it's very hard. So we have farmers that want to sell, you don't hear these stories, this is why, with these people, they don't tell you these stories. The European Union has what they call trade barriers, the European Union doesn't allow our farmers to go and trade, it's very hard for them to go to trade. And if they do, it's very expensive, same like Canada.
Essentially, when you're paying a 275 percent tax and now I'm understanding it's higher, but at 275, that's essentially a trade barrier, you can't trade. How can we trade? We can't pay that kind of a tax. So, I want the barriers taken down, I want our farmers to be able to trade, I want to be able to sell cars in there just like they sell cars in here.
And it's all going to work out, it's all going to work out. Remember this, remember this, it's all going to work out, because we're the piggy bank that they like to take from, whether it's military protection, you look at NATO, NATO, we're spending 90 percent of NATO, now it's all wonderful, and we like to help out, but it helps them, they're in Europe, it helps them a lot more than it helps us, we're very far away.
So we have this incredible -- Germany is paying one percent of a much smaller GDP. We're paying close to four percent of a much larger GDP. Now, that doesn't work, folks. It doesn't work. So, I think we should pay the same as Germany, I just think we should pay the same as Germany.
So we're working all of these things, but the fact is, we were given somewhat of a bad hand, because we came in they had all these problems, but I love it, I'm loving what we're doing, you people are loving what we're doing.
We have the great Peter Navarro. I'll tell you one thing, Peter Navarro does like tariffs, he probably likes them more than I do, there's Peter Navarro right there, raise your hand, Peter.
So, they're all calling. They all want to make deals, before I did this, they weren't calling the Obama administration, but the Obama administration -- and in all fairness, the Bush Administration didn't care, it wasn't their thing. Last year on trade, our country lost $817 billion with a B, billion dollars, 817. We lost $817 billion, who the hell can do that? I mean, we don't have to be perfect, we don't even have to get it down to zero, but we can't lose 800 -- and so, because you feel like sort of stupid, don't you? Don't you feel stupid?
And the biggest, of course, was China, China made anywhere depending on the way you count from $375 billion, we built China, and I really like President Xi, but we built China. And they did help us on the border with North Korea, they might not be helping us anymore, and that would be too bad. But, that would be too bad.
And I've been as nice as I can as long as I can, but we've got to get some balance, and it doesn't have to be perfect, but there's got to be some fairness, you know, I'm a believer in free trade, but I'm really a believer in fair trade. This is -- this is ridiculous.
And I said to a man in China, how did it get so bad? Because they know the gig is up. How did it get so bad? And remember this, you know, we picked up since I got elected, we picked up tremendous worth, we've picked up anywhere from nine to seven, to seven to nine trillion dollars. We're almost twice the size of China's economy, nobody knows that. Nobody knows that.
Nobody knows that. So I said, how did it get so bad? He said, well, what happened is we would put on a tax on cars, you know, in China, if you sell a car into China from the United States, they charge you a 25 percent tax, if China sells a car into the United States, we charge them two and a half percent. So it's two and a half percent versus 25 percent, somehow I'm looking at this rich guy right over here, that doesn't work too well, do you agree? That's not a big worker, right? I bet you're a very successful guy. I could see. I can see the eyes, you know, big success.
But that doesn't work too well, sir, does it? And we have many, many cases like that. We have many cases like that, so we're going to straighten it out, and they all want to negotiate, because they have to negotiate, I mean, honestly they have to negotiate.
It has to happen, it's not like -- that's not a threat, it's like the Iran Deal, we're so bad, we paid $150 billion to sign a horrible agreement, we gave $1.8 billion in cash to pick up four hostages.
They're the wealthiest hostages in the world. They have the highest net worth of any hostage in history. We paid nothing, nothing to North Korea, and he did a very smart thing, because it was goodwill, it was good. We did it before I even left. So, you know, there are a lot of good things, and a lot of good things are happening, folks. And it's all going to work out, and it's going to work out because we have a big advantage. Because remember, we're the bank and they're taking money from us hand over fist, but at some point that's got to stop. It's got to stop. We can lower your taxes which we did, we gave you the greatest tax cut in the history of our country.
Right? We have some incredible things happening with health care. We got very badly hurt, we had all the votes, and then one gentleman early in the morning, like 2:00 in the morning, he went, "No," well he campaigned on repealing and replace, we had all the votes, and perhaps he was grandstanding, who knows what he was doing? But you know what? He said, "No, no." Everybody said, "What the hell happened?" He's been campaigning for eight years repeal and replace, and he didn't do that, but now, what we've done in the tax cut is we've gotten rid of the individual mandate, the individual mandate.
We've gotten rid of it. And by the way, I have these stupid teleprompters, you don't mind that I haven't used them all night, do you? Every once in a while -- every once in a while I look at it, I mean, it's so boring, we don't want it. America's back, bigger, and better, and stronger than ever. You've heard that before.
No, I, you know, I'm looking, I keep looking, I just see things, and just -- they're true, but they're not quite as exciting. So, we are doing so well, we are lifting millions and millions of Americans from welfare to work.
From dependence to independence. And from poverty to prosperity, right? We're putting new American steel into the spine of our country and breathing new hope into our beautiful communities. True. The forgotten men and women of our country, our forgotten, where they're still trying to figure out who the hell were all these people that came and voted two years ago? Who are they? Who are they? Yeah.
All of us. They're trying to find, how do we get to the forgotten men and women? I said, I think you've lost them for a long time. Because just like this producer from Hollywood said, we're doing a real job, I don't believe, so now it's 511 days. I don't believe any administration -- and you're with us, we're partners in this whole deal, you know, when we came out, we're partners, this is not me. This is a whole group of people. I don't believe and I don't even think it's close that any president has done what we've done in 500 days.
Not only the judges, not only the biggest tax cuts, not only ANWR in Alaska. You know all about ANWR, one of the great drilling sites in the world, but nobody could get oil and gas, that nobody could get approved. Ronald Reagan couldn't get it. Nobody could. I didn't even want it until I heard everybody else wanted it and I said, "It's like a freebie. That's part of our tax cuts", tax cut and reform, right? We want cut. Please give me the word "cut", right?
You've heard that story. I want the word "cut". So, we cut regulations more than any president in history whether it's four years, eight years, 16 years.
And we have more cutting to do. And by the way, we want regulation. We want crystal clean water. We want beautiful, clean air. We want it more than anybody and our air and our water now is better than it ever has been, and we're going to keep it that way. It's important. It's very important.
So, as long as we are proud of who we are and we are very proud of who we are and what we're fighting for, we as a country will never ever fail. We'll never fail. We have 3.4 million new jobs since Election Day.
If I would have said during the campaign that I was going to create 3.4 million new jobs, that countries -- you have no idea what we're going through. Countries are trying to hold back their companies that used to be our companies from leaving and moving back to the United States. We have companies, Chrysler, so many companies coming back in to the United States. They want to be where the action is, not only because of the tax cuts, but for a lot of other reasons including frankly those regulation cuts.
But we have more jobs. We have higher stats. The manufacturers of the United States voted, they said "This is the single most optimism that manufacturers of this country have ever had", small business owners, the same thing. It's the most optimistic that they've ever been. They've never been this optimistic.
And I'll tell you something. I'd like to take the credit for this, but I can't because it's Henry. South Carolina is doing unbelievable business. Companies are pouring in. New jobs are way up. Your numbers are through the roof. You're a real leader. All over the country, they're looking at South Carolina. Well, your governor is a man named Henry McMaster. You're doing unbelievable numbers.
I didn't want to say that, Henry. I didn't want to say that, Henry. I wanted to take the credit for myself, but I figured South Carolina would understand, right? But we're standing on the shoulders of true American patriots who put down the railroads, built up the highways and dug out a thing called the Panama Canal and lost many lives doing it -- mosquitoes, lost many, many lives.
They crossed oceans. They trekked deserts. They scaled mountains and built the most incredible nation the world has ever seen, but our nation was going badly in the wrong direction for a long period of time. We have $7 trillion invested in the Middle East. What do we have? What do we have other than death and destruction? What do we have? What a decision that was to go in.
I believe it was the worst decision in the history of our country, and the way we got out was horrible. If you look at Iraq, the way we got out was horrible. Truly one of the worst decisions ever made in this country. $7 trillion and thousands of lives -- we count the lives on both sides, folks, millions of lives in my opinion, millions. You don't hear that, millions of lives. Our ancestors won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism and put a man on the face of the moon. And by the way, NASA is now open for business.
And I put a great man, a wonderful human being and a great leader, just a friend, Mike Pence, Vice President, in charge. And I had a meeting with Mike and a lot of the people running NASA. And I said, "Listen. You got rich guys. For whatever reason, they love rockets. We don't have to put up so much money. Let them put up the money and build." And you got all these guys sending rockets all over the place. We'll get the credit.
I said, "Lease them the land. Charge them a lot, but let's do it that way." That's a lot better. We're like a landlord. So, we're also doing our thing, but we do. You have all these rich guys. I don't know what it is. They love rockets. I said "this is great" because you can't send rockets up like down the street, right? You can't take the local plot, the local Walmart, the local store, and send the rocket.
So, we have these incredible big sites that are meant exactly for this with the gantries, will all of this infrastructure. Much of it hasn't been used in a long time. And we're back in business. But I said to them and I think the business people, "let the rich guys pay for it. We got the site. We got the real estate. Let them put their rockets up." You saw Elon the other day. He put a rocket. I never saw anything like it. Yes. I've been watching rockets go up my whole life. OK. After a while, it's like -- but what I thought was incredible was when the engines came back down.
Did you see that? The engines, they came back down. Now, they're only two. The third one is missing someplace, but that's OK. No. But I thought that was incredible. But you have all these rich guys, they are worth billions of dollars, they want to spend money on rocketry. I think it's great. And I told my people, "Let them do it because if they reach the moon with their money, we're going to take all the credit, OK?" They're going to forget about it. Nobody is going to remember their name, but they're going to remember our names. So, let them do it. Let them do it.
But to keep this momentum going, we need more Republicans in Washington and we need Governor Henry McMaster as a continuation in South Carolina. It's very important.
Come here, Henry -- because with your help, we're going to continue to win. Do you remember in the campaign? Henry, you remember, I'd come to South Carolina. I'd say, "we're going to win so much. You people are going to get so tired of winning." You're going to say, "Governor McMaster, please we can't stand winning anymore. Governor McMaster, go to Washington, talk to the president. We can't win anymore."
We're going to win. Remember I said we're going to win at trade. We're going to win at space. By the way, Henry, Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, Air Force, right, Air Force, and what are we going to do, Space Force. People love that.
It's going to be -- we talk about rockets going up, but, Henry, defense is now largely based with the satellites and everything else in space. And the problem is when you have the Air Force, I don't think they're going to really sort of -- they want those planes flying. They want it. But I don't think they're going to be focusing on space maybe like they should.
So, we're going to create a Space Force and it's going to be great. And we need that militarily and in many other ways, but we do need it militarily also. So, this week, it is so important to go out and vote for country, vote for family, vote for values. It's been values. Vote for victory and vote for Henry. He is a great, great gentleman. He's a great gentleman.
Because as a group, together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again. We will make America safe again, Henry. And we will make America great again. Thank you, South Carolina. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, Duluth. Thank you very much. I am thrilled to be back in the great state of Minnesota --  -- with truly some of the most incredible people anywhere on Earth. You know that.  And you know, I hate to bring this up --  -- but we came this close to winning the state of Minnesota.  And in two and a half years, it's going to be really easy I think. 
It's been many, many decades since a Republican did that, and I thought I was going to do it. I needed one more visit, one more speech. That's why never give up. Never, ever give up. One more speech.  No, we're very proud of Minnesota. Let me also say congratulations to the Bulldogs on winning the NCAA Championship hockey tournament.
Wow, that's a big deal. Right in this arena. This is where they play, right? Boy, I hear they're a great team. And how many are going to the NHL? How many? Two? Three? That's a lot. They're going to do it. Great team. Thank you. Great team. The Bulldogs. 
So we're honored to be joined tonight by many wonderful Republican leaders, including our incredible House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy. Kevin, come up please. Please come. Where is he? Kevin.  He sends a lot of money this way, I want to tell you.
I also want to thank and maybe just ask him to come up -- we have all night long, right? Do we have time? All night.  We're not going anywhere. Some great people. Congressman Sean Duffy.  Great champion. Come up, Sean. Come up. Great champion. You know, there -- you know, the whole thing going up the trees and down the trees. Number one in the world for four or five years. Come here.  With a great, great wife by the way. Very talented.
Tom Emmer -- Congressman. Loves this state.  And a very popular man in the state of Minnesota, Jason Lewis. 
I also want to thank Lieutenant Governor Michelle Fischbach for being here. She has been so great. Got a big race coming along. It's going to do great. Along with State Senator Karin Housley. Karin. Come on up here. Get them up here.  Where are you? Stay there. It's too much of a deal. Good luck, Karin. Good luck, Michelle. Thank you.
Also, a friend of mine and a man who's been incredible and a great supporter, Minnesota Senate Majority Leader Paul Gazelka.  And Minnesota Republican Party Chair Jennifer Carnahan, who has been fantastic. Thank you.  Thank you.
And finally, the person we're all here to support tonight, somebody who's very special -- by the way, loves ice hockey -- real ice hockey family. In fact, his brother, you know, the coach of the winning women's team in the Olympics. Not bad.  Great family. The next congressman from Minnesota's 8th Congressional District, the great Pete Stauber. Come on up. 
I'll tell you, is this a pretty good sendoff for Pete? This is not bad, right?  Hey, Pete. Come here. Say a few words. He wasn't supposed to do this, but let's hear him. Right?  Come on. Come on.
So I didn't know he was going to do that, and then he takes out a speech and reads it. I said, "That's pretty good."  He is a great guy, and he loves you, and he loves this country. And he's going to do fantastically. He's going to win. We're going to keep on winning. Remember, I used to say in a little jest, but I really meant it, "We're going to win so much." Remember? We're going to win, win, win.  It's what we're doing.
Remember? I said, your governor or your senator or Pete or somebody, they're going to come into Washington say, "Mr. President, please, we're winning too much. The people of Minnesota cannot stand winning so much. Please, can we take it easy?" And I said, "No, we're going to keep winning, winning, winning." 
So we've created 3.4 million new jobs since Election Day. 3.4. And I've said before, if I would have said that to you during the campaign, those very dishonest people back there, the fake news --
Very dishonest. They would have said, "He's exaggerating."
These are very dishonest people. Many of them. And we have some people, too, doing that. But there's a lot of very dishonest people. For instance, I just got back, as you know, from Singapore, where I met --  -- where I met Kim Jong Un. And we had a great meeting, great chemistry. We got along really well, which is very important. They didn't want us too. But, you know, it's like nice to do that.
And very interestingly, at first everybody was amazed -- amazed that we had the meeting. They couldn't believe it the first 24 hours. They said, "I can't believe it." You remember that, a while ago? They said, "They're going to meet." Then about a day later they said, "What's the big deal with the meeting? What's the big deal?" In other words, their bosses said, "You can't say that."
But the beauty was this: So we had a meeting. It was an incredible success. And they said, "The President gave away so much. He met with them." I said, "What else?" That was -- I met. What am I supposed to do? I had to meet. Right? "He met." Now, sentence one says, a total denuclearization of North Korea. That's what it says. 
We got back our hostages.  And I didn't pay $1.8 billion to get back our hostages -- paid. We got back our great fallen heroes, the remains. In fact, today already 200 have been sent back.  They stopped shooting missiles over Japan. They stopped all nuclear testing. They stopped nuclear research. They stopped rocketry. They stopped everything that you'd want them to stop. And they blew up sites where they test and do the testing. 
And it was a great meeting. And Kim Jong Un will turn down -- and I will tell -- he will turn -- Chairman Kim will turn that country into a great, successful country. And let me tell you, and let me tell you --  -- let me tell you this: A year and a half ago, nobody thought that was possible. In fact, before I was elected, everybody assumed we were going to war. It would be a vicious war. In Seoul, you have 28 million people living 30 miles off the border. They don't even need nuclear weapons for that. They have thousands of cannons aiming right on top of Seoul. You could have lost millions and millions of people.
But I got along with Kim Jong Un. I got along.  And that's a good thing, not a bad thing.  And these people, you remember, I said, "I can't believe it. He's giving away so much." You know what I gave away? A meeting.   And the fact that we do get along means we're safe. I'm not saying things can't happen. Things go wrong. Mistakes are made. Relationships get broken. But right now you are so safe, and such a great event took place.
And all over Asia --  -- and all over Asia they're celebrating the great achievement that we made because you were the ones that put me here. We made -- that we made all over Asia.  And really all over the world. And by the way, in our country. Everybody knows what a great achievement this is not only for us, but for North Korea, for South Korea, for Japan, for China, for everybody.
And I have to say, you know, you've been reading where I've been putting very large tariffs on China. Very, very large.  We hit the $250 billion mark. But I want to say, and we have to do that because it has to be balanced, it has to be fair. It wasn't fair. China and President Xi have really helped us a lot at the border of North Korea. Really helped us a lot, and he's a friend of mine. He's a friend of mine. 
So you should be very proud of yourselves for what took place because that was very close to war for many years. Many years, it was very, very close. And now we can have something where everybody is going to live in peace for a long period of time. And there will be denuclearization. So that's the real story. Thank you.  That's the real story.
So unemployment numbers are among the best in the history of our country. African American unemployment is at its lowest level in the history of our country.  Hispanic American unemployment has reached its lowest level ever recorded the history of our country. And remember I'd go into big stadiums like this that were packed?
And by the way, you're very good at real estate. Did you see the thousands and thousands of people outside? That will never be reported by the fake news. But the thousands of people that couldn't get in.  Many thousands. They're all over. The parking lots. They're all over. And it would be great if the cameras could take a shot of the arena. 
So usually they don't do it. And I usually go home and my wife would say, "How was the crowd?" Although honestly, when you have many thousands of people like we have tonight -- you know, I was at an event three weeks ago where a person from the New York Times said, "There was only a thousand people." And the people -- the many thousands that were there protested. I didn't even have to do it. And they wrote a slight correction. They were off by many thousands of people. That's the way it is. It's fake news, I'm telling you. So fake. 
But usually they don't show the arena. They just show my face. So people would say, "Did you have many people there?" Um, didn't you see? No, no. They've only showed your face. And we all have ego, but I don't want to show my face. I want to show the crowds. It's much prettier.  Because you people are incredible.
Unemployment among women has reached the lowest level, as of today, in 65 years. Sixty-five years.  And most importantly of all, America is respected again. We're respected.  We're fighting to protect American iron, aluminum, and steel, and to protect our incredible and very brave miners. 
But I'll tell you, to keep this incredible momentum, I think maybe the most successful that the country has ever had. I think we are now at the most successful level that the country has ever seen. That's how we're doing.  And let me just tell you, because I hear a couple of the fakers, the other day, said, "Well, I think it's Obama's economy." Obama's economy? Obama?
They want to put on more regulations. They want to take back your tax cuts, which are massive. They want to take them back, and they want to raise the hell out of your taxes. And the whole thing will go "boom."
So we need more Republicans. We got to get out there in the midterms. We got to get more Republicans. Got to get more Republicans.  A vote for a Democrat for Congress is really a vote for Nancy Pelosi and her radical agenda.
Democrats want to raise your taxes; increase your regulations; shut down American energy; take over American healthcare, which has been a disaster with Obamacare; and ship away American jobs. And that's what they will do. If anything bad happens to this country, it will be a disaster for all of you. But we're not going to let it happen. We worked too hard to get here. 
And the greatest phrase, I think, in the history of politics is on all of those red and white hats that I see out there: "Make America Great Again." And that's exactly what we're doing.  Make America great again. And you know what our new phrase is in two and a half years. You know what it is, right? "Keep America Great." That's what it is. Because that's what we are. 
So the Democrats want open borders. Let everybody come in. Let everybody pour in. We don't care. Let them come in from the Middle East; let them come in from all over the place. We don't care. We're not going to let it happen. And by the way, today, I signed an executive order. We're going to keep families together, but the border is going to be just as tough as it's been. 
Democrats don't care about the impact of uncontrolled migration on your communities, your schools, your hospitals, your jobs, or your safety. Democrats put illegal immigrants before they put American citizens. What the hell is going on?
Illegal immigration costs our country hundreds of billions of dollars. So imagine if we could spend that money to help bring opportunity to our inner cities and our rural communities and our roads and our highways and our schools. 
So we've already started the wall. We got $1.6 billion. The wall has been started.  San Diego and lots of different places. And we go -- but, boy, it's tough. They want to do anything they can to obstruct and to make sure it doesn't happen. But it's happening. It's happening.
Oh, we have a single protestor. There we go. Goodbye, darling. Goodbye, darling.
So we have a single protestor. He's going home to his mom. Say hello to mommy.  And tomorrow, the fake news will say tomorrow, "Massive protests at the Trump rally." One person. Massive protests. Aye yai yai.
So we're going to make it great for Americans. And we're going to take care of people. And we do want people coming across our border, going through our ports of entry, but we want people to come in through merit. Not just through luck or happenstance. We want them to come in through merit. 
And we need people, because we have so many companies now -- and you know very well in Minnesota what's happening. They just gave me a run-through. What's happening in Minnesota is incredible. But we have so many companies moving back into our country. We need people to help, but we want them to come in through the merit system, not a system where we get MS-13 and everybody else that other countries don't want. 
And the Democrats' open border policies have also allowed MS-13 to break into our country and drugs to pour into our streets. And we're stopping it.
We have taken out of our country -- and actually -- can you believe I have to say this -- we have liberated towns. Liberated. Like it was captured by a foreign country. We have liberated towns out in Long Island.  MS-13, gangs. We have taken them out of our country by the thousands. 
And these countries that send them back, we're putting in legislation -- we're not giving them anymore aid. When they send people up. Remember the original speech -- right? My original speech. They are sending -- you remember those words? Everyone said, "Oh, how terrible." They are sending -- well, let me tell you, they're sending -- and they're not sending their finest. That I can tell you. And we're sending them the hell back. And what we're doing --  -- what we're doing -- we give hundreds of millions of dollars of aid to countries. We have a horrible deal, as an example, with NAFTA and Mexico. Horrible deal.
They make over a hundred billion dollars on that horrible trade deal where factories were emptied. So many bad things have happened, and we're going to make it a part of NAFTA. Because you have to mark up thousands of miles coming through Mexico -- you come up thousands of miles coming through Mexico, and we're going to stop it.
Get him out of here. Get him out of here.
Go home to your mom, darling. Go home. Get him out of here. Out.
Was that a man or a woman? Because he needs a haircut more than I do. It's true.  I couldn't tell. Needs a haircut.
But the media never talks about the American victims of illegal immigration. I know them well. I know so many of them. I campaigned with them. What's happened to their children, what's happened to their husbands, what's happened to their wives. The media doesn't talk about the American families permanently separated from their loved ones because Democrat policies release violent criminals into our communities. We need safety. We need safety.
They don't bring cameras to interview the angel moms whose children were killed by criminal aliens who should have never been here in the first place. Not even close. They don't want to talk to the angel moms. 
But as your President, I will always fight to protect American families. I will.  I will always fight for an immigration system that defends our borders and takes care of our sovereignty as a nation.  I will never sacrifice the safety and security of the American people. And I will never be silent in the face of vicious smears and attacks, and the heroic agents and officers of ICE and the Border Patrol who save millions. Just the job they do -- saves thousands and thousands of lives. And are so brave, and are so tough. 
If you want to create a humane, lawful system of immigration, then you need to retire the Democrats and elect Republicans to finally secure our borders.  Because we need Democrat votes. We have a majority of one in the Senate. We need Democrat votes in the Senate. We need additional votes in the House. We will have the greatest borders, the greatest walls.
We've already started, but it's a lot tougher than it needs to be. We need Republicans to get out and put Republicans in. In case you don't know, in the Senate, we need, unfortunately, 60 votes. We have 51 votes. We need Democrats. They will do anything to obstruct, anything to make it as uncomfortable as possible. Because they think it's good politics. I actually think it's bad politics. We will see very soon. 
We're building it. We're building the wall. That wall is happening.
Under the previous administration, America's rich, natural resources, of which your state has a lot, were put under lock and key, including thousands of acres in Superior National Forest. You know what that is, right? Tonight, I'm proudly announcing that we will soon be taking the first steps to rescind the federal withdrawal in Superior National Forest --  -- and restore mineral exploration for our amazing people and miners and workers, and for the people of Minnesota -- one of the great natural reserves of the world.
And we'll do it carefully. And maybe, if it doesn't pass muster, we won't do it all. But it is going to happen, I will tell you. It's going to happen. And it's happening fast. We've already taken it, as you know, a long way down the road. And it's going to make things better. It's going to make it, from an environmental standpoint, better.
As a result of our massive tax cuts, millions of Americans are receiving much bigger paychecks. Much bigger.  We've eliminated record numbers of job-killing regulations. By the way -- so, a few days ago, it was 500 days. So now it's like 511. In 500 days, we've cut more regulations than any President in the history of our country, whether it's 4 years, 8 years, or in 1 year -- in one case, 16 years. We've cut more regulations in 500 days than any President, even our 16-year President.
We've opened up energy exploration in ANWR in Alaska.  They've been trying to do that from before the days of Ronald Reagan. Couldn't get it done.
We repealed the core of Obamacare. The individual mandate is gone. So unpopular.  The individual mandate where you pay a fortune for the privilege of not paying for insurance for healthcare. Let me tell you, we just repealed it. You don't have to pay anymore. So big. So big. 
And we would have repealed and replaced Obamacare, although we've gone a long way toward doing that anyway -- we just had to do it a longer route. Because we had a gentleman, late into the morning hours, go thumbs down. That was not a good thing he did. That was not a good thing for our people, for our country, whether you're a Democrat or Republican. And everybody said, "Oh, good. We have his vote. We have everybody's vote." We were going in for a routine repeal and replace, and he went thumbs down. Not nice. That was not nice.
We're bringing back our jobs from other countries. We're bringing back our companies from other countries. Chrysler is coming back. Chrysler just announced they're coming back.  Many, many companies are coming back to our country. They know where the action is. This is where they want to be. And as far as trade is concerned with other countries, we want fair and reciprocal trade. We don't want stupid trade like we had for so long. Stupid trade. Right? 
Remember the word "reciprocal." Remember the word "reciprocal." We have been ripped off by almost every country on Earth -- our friends and our enemies. And I hate to say it, our friends do a bigger and better job than the enemies. But those days are over. Those days are over. 
And even before we finish off with the trade deals -- and we will finish off with the trade deals. People don't realize we have the cards. Because we're the piggy bank that everybody was robbing for 30 years. We're like the piggy bank. Let's go get some more. You look at the European Union. They put up barriers so that we can't sell our farm products in. And yet they sell Mercedes and BMW and the cars come in by the millions. And we hardly tax them at all. They don't take our cars. And if they do, the tax is massive. So they're basically saying, "We're going to sell you millions of cars. By the way, you're not going to sell us any." Not going to work that way anymore, folks. Not going to work that way. 
We will not be taken advantage of anymore. We're a great country. We're going to be an even greater country. Hopefully, greater than we've ever been before. We have such potential. 
We just secured a record $700 billion in funding to rebuild our military, which was in very sad shape.  And we have approval for next year: $716 billion. We're ordering new planes. We make the best in the world. We're ordering new ships. We're ordering new military equipment. And we even gave our great warriors a raise.  Gave them a raise.
For the veterans, we passed the largest VA reforms in half a century. A landmark VA accountability law. You know what that is. You couldn't fire anybody that worked in the VA. They were sadistic in some cases, they were lazy, they were this, they were that. Lots of different things. You could never fire anybody because the accountability, you could forget it.
So we passed a bill that they've been trying to pass for almost 40 years. It's called VA Accountability, where now you bring the person into the office and you say, "Jim, I'm sorry to tell you you're fired. Get out of here. Boom."  Right?
And even more important -- and I didn't think I'd be saying this so soon because I would campaign on this -- I used to go out during the campaigns -- and you know it because I was in Minnesota a lot. But obviously, one more trip. Aye yai yai. That won't happen again. 
But one that's really important to me. And I used to say to myself, "I wonder why doctors don't just take care of our great vets." We just passed Veterans Choice legislation. Passed; signed.  That gives our veterans the care they deserve, the care they earned. Now look, so our veterans were waiting online for 9 days, for 12 days, for 3 weeks. Someone online with a minor problem, they ended up having a terminal disease.
Now, I said during the campaign, before I knew too much about it, but there's a lot of common sense in life. I say, instead of one of our great veterans waiting for two, three, four, five weeks, why don't we let them go see a doctor and pay the bill? And that's what we're doing. That's Veterans Choice. That's Veterans Choice. 
And you know, I went to people -- I thought about it -- I thought, oh, I think I'm such a genius. Okay. I thought this was the -- like, the greatest idea. But I went to the vet groups, I went to every -- "Yeah, we've been trying to get that passed, sir, for 30 years." Okay? I didn't know that. But what I did know is I knew how to get it passed, and we got it passed. Two weeks ago. 
And by the way, we passed another one. It's called "Right to Try." You know what Right to Try is? Very proud of it. Right to Try. These are people that are terminally ill. It's sad. They travel all over the world if they have the money. If they don't, they don't know what to do. If we have drugs that haven't been approved yet but are showing tremendous promise, it didn't matter.
It didn't matter how sick you were, where you were. You couldn't get it. And the reason was, they didn't want to do anything that's going to hurt you. You're not going to be around for five weeks. In five weeks -- I kept saying, "Why can't we do something?" If people had the money, they'd travel to Africa, to Asia, to Europe trying to find the cure.
It was called "hope." They wanted hope. And they couldn't get it. I said it's ridiculous. I got involved. And this is also -- like Veterans Choice, for many years people have tried pass it. And Kevin was a great help. I have to tell you. Kevin McCarthy, who just left the stage, was a great help. So were your congressmen. A great help. 
And we got Right to Try passed. And four weeks ago, I signed final legislation, and we're very proud.  And many people are going to be saved. Many, many people are going to be saved. And you'd think it would be easy, but it wasn't. Between the insurance companies and the healthcare companies and the pharmaceutical companies -- it was incredible. But we did that, and now we're bringing down the prices for prescription drugs way down. 
So we've made this incredible progress together with your help, with the help of the millions and millions of people that -- well, some polls got it right. But not all polls got it right. But they showed up, and the beginning of that night, people are saying, "You know, this could be a big problem for the Democrats."
They were not liking what they were seeing. They were seeing too many of those hats. They were seeing too many people with -- you know that. That was an amazing evening. That was one of the most incredible evenings. Because that's a movement, the likes of which this country has never seen before. This country has never seen it. 
You know, we talk about the forgotten men and women. They're the smartest people. They work the hardest. They pay taxes. They do all of the things. And yet, they were the forgotten people. And believe me, our people are the smartest and the hardest working. Smarter than anybody, and the hardest working. 
You know, a little thing I was talking about today. You ever notice they always call the other side -- and they do this on -- "the elite." The elite. Why are they elite? I have a much better apartment than they do.  I'm smarter than they are. I'm richer than they are.  I became President and they didn't.  And I'm representing the greatest, smartest, most loyal, best people on Earth -- the deplorables. Remember that? The deplorables. 
You know, I was watching when Crooked Hillary made -- and by the way --  -- hey, excuse me. Have you been seeing --
Have you been watching what's been going on with the Inspector General's report? What a scam this whole thing is? Okay?
With Peter Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page.
I don't think their wife and husband are too happy about that. What do you think? What do you think? I don't think so.
No, but have you been seeing this whole scam? Have you been -- do you believe what you're seeing? No matter what she did, no matter how many crimes she committed, which were numerous, they wanted her to be innocent. With me, nothing. No collusion, no nothing. And they just wanted to take all of us. They wanted to put us in trouble. And it's not working too well, I'll tell you. Disgusting.  Called the "phony witch hunt." Phony witch hunt.
But you look at the corruption. Did you ever see anything like it? Really, today more things -- that's why they're building up immigration so you can't see what's going on in Congress. They're building up immigration. They don't want to show what's happening in Congress where this whole scam has been revealed. So they want to stay on immigration where Obama had bigger problems than anybody, where Bush had problems, where other -- they want to stay on immigration because they don't want to go into the halls of Congress, which has totally revealed the Russian scam that's going on.  What a group. What a group.
I'll tell you something, we want to get along with Russia. But Russia is looking out and they're saying, "Man, I wish she won." Between our military, our oil that we're doing. She wanted to have windmills. You know? We want to compete with the oil. All the things we've done. All the things we've done, including sanctions. So many things. They're looking back, they're saying, "You know, I wish Crooked Hillary won that election. It would have been a lot better for Russia."
So what we want to do is we want to elect more Republicans so that we can deliver on all of the things I'm talking about. And I'll be honest with you, we're going to deliver it anyway. We're going to be able to deliver it anyway. 
We're going to lift millions of Americans from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. We are going to lift them.  You know, one of the greatest things about all the jobs we've created -- to me, the greatest -- is that people now don't get stuck in one job and they hate it.
They don't want to get up in the morning. They have many, many options. They can go out. Wages are rising. It's a beautiful thing taking place. They can get something -- I've always said, you know, when I make speeches on how to be successful -- I always say, like the first thing, you got to love it. You got to love it. You got to love your job or you're never going to be good.
These people now that didn't have any options -- they were hanging on to one job that they hated. They have many, many choices. They get the job they want. And for the first time in 20 years, wages are rising.  We're going to build new airports, and we're going to build railways and highways and waterways all across this magnificent land. We have spent, because of horrible decision-making, $7 trillion in the Middle East. Think of it. Seven trillion.
And if we want to fix a window, it's like a big deal. Seven trillion dollars. It's all coming back. Remember during the debates, I'd talk about growth. Growth. We need growth. Nobody has ever seen growth like we're having right now. When I go around and meet foreign leaders, they all congratulate me. "Mr. President, congratulations on the growth of the United States. Congratulations." Every one of them. First thing they say. First thing they say. 
By the way, is there anything more fun than a Trump rally? Is there? Seriously.  And we break every attendance record every single time, just about. 
We're going to put new steel into the backbone of our country, and we're going to make that steel right here in the United States.  We're going to breathe new hope into our communities. And our workers are already so proud again. We will do it all with American hands and American heart and American pride. And everything we do, we will stand up for our citizens. We will fight for our country. We'll stand up for America. And we're going to stand up for the great state of Minnesota. And you're seeing that. 
Your great state was pioneered by men and women who braved the wilderness and the winters to build a better life for themselves and for their incredible families. They were really tough, and they were really smart and strong.  They didn't have a lot of money, they didn't have a lot of luxury. But they had grit and they had faith and they had courage and they had each other. Right? 
They were miners, and ministers, and fishermen, and farmers, and shipbuilders, and shopkeepers. But they all had one thing in common: They loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God. 
Together, we're renewing the miracle of the great American Midwest. Do you remember not so long ago, we were producing those cars and we producing all of this stuff? And since then, so many companies went to Mexico and went to other places. As I said before, they are coming back, and they're coming back faster than anybody could ever believe. 
We're standing on the shoulders of great American patriots who put down the railroads, built up the highways, and dug out the most amazing Panama Canal, losing thousands of lives in doing it. They crossed the oceans, trekked the deserts, scaled the mountains, created the most incredible republic the world has ever seen. And you know what? Our republic today is prouder and greater than it ever was before. 
Our beautiful ancestors won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and put a man on the face of the moon.  And I think you saw the other day, we're reopening NASA. We're going to be going to space. 
Space Force. Space Force. So we have the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, the Coast Guard. But we have the Air Force. Now we're going to have the Space Force because it's a whole -- we need it.  We need it.
As long as we are proud of who we are and what we are fighting for, we will never, ever fail. There is no place like our place. There is no place. 
With your help and with your voice and with your vote, the Republicans will win and keep on winning. We will keep on winning. We have great people.  And Pete is a great guy. You got to get him a victory. Great guy. Got to get Pete a victory. You got to get him a victory. We need him.
We will achieve victory for our magnificent country and our magnificent land -- the land that we love. Because we are Americans, and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. 
We will never give in, we will never give up, and we will never, ever stop fighting for our country or for our flag or for our freedom. 
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. 
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Minnesota. Thank you, Minnesota. 
No, I think that James Comey was unfair to the people of this country. I think what he did was a disgrace. I think he goes down as the worst FBI Director in history, by far. There's nobody close. And I think I did the country a tremendous favor by firing him.
No, I think -- actually, if you take a look, when he totally exonerated her -- because I call it "Comey Three." You had one, two, and then you had Comey three. He totally exonerated her. And if anything he's saying is correct, what she did is they tried to pretend it didn't happen. I would have gone out there and I would have had the greatest news conference in history. They tried to pretend the exoneration didn't happen.
Now, the exoneration was incorrect because there's no way they could have checked that number of emails in just a few days. But if you remember, just before the election, he went out and he exonerated her and they didn't even talk about it. That was the greatest political mistake.
With all of that being said, I won Wisconsin, I won Michigan, I won states that a Republican hasn't won in many, many decades, years. She didn't do a good job and you never gave me credit for doing a great job. But the fact is, I did a great job.
Well, I hope that's not so. And I know they're getting documents. And I purposely -- look, if you see what I've done with North Korea and with the State Department, Mike Pompeo, it's running so well. It's -- I have this running so well. I have purposefully, because of this ridiculous witch hunt, I have said I'm going to stay away from the Justice Department until it's completed. So I wanted to stay away. Now, that doesn't mean I have to, because I don't have to. I can get involved. But I don't want you people to say that I'm interfering, that I'm doing anything.
I think that the report yesterday, maybe more importantly than anything, it totally exonerates me. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. And if you read the report, you'll see that. What you'll really --
Excuse me. Wait, wait, wait. What you'll really see is you'll see bias against me and millions and tens of millions of my followers. That is really a disgrace. And yet, if you go -- and yet, if you look at the FBI, and you went in and you called the FBI -- the real FBI -- those guys love me, and I love them.
No, but I think that whole investigation now is -- look, the problem with the Mueller investigation is everybody has got massive conflicts. You have Weissmann who was at Hillary Clinton's funeral, meaning, her party that turned into a funeral. And they were screaming and crying and they were going crazy. How can you have people like this? So you have -- I call them the "13 Angry Democrats." You have a tremendous animosity.
Now, here's the good news: I did nothing wrong. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. The IG report yesterday went a long way to show that. And I think that the Mueller investigation has been totally discredited.
You know why? Because I don't want to see a nuclear weapon destroy you or your family. I don't want to see --
Excuse me. Because I don't want to see a nuclear weapon destroy you and your family. I want to have a good relationship with North Korea. I want to have a good relationship with many other countries. And what I've done, if you remember, if you're fair, which most of you aren't -- but if you're fair, when I came in, people thought we were probably going to war with North Korea. If we did --
Quiet. Quiet. Quiet. If we did, millions of people would have been killed. I don't mean like -- you know, people are saying 100,000. Seoul has 28 million people 30 miles off the border. You would have had 30, 40, 50 million people killed. Who knows what would have happened?
I came in; that was what I inherited. I should have never inherited. That should have been solved long before I got there. I did a great job this week. The fake news said, "Oh, you met." But the only thing they saw that I gave up -- one broadcast said, "He gave up so much." You know what I gave up? I met. I met.
We had great chemistry. He gave us a lot. You haven't had a missile test in seven months. You haven't had a firing. You haven't had a nuclear test in eight and a half months. You haven't had missiles flying over Japan. He gave us the remains of our great heroes. I have had so many people begging me -- parents, and fathers, mothers, daughters, sons -- wherever I went, "Could you please get the remains of my boy back?" They're giving them back. Nobody thought that was possible.
Wait, wait. They're doing so much. And now we're well on our way to denuclearization. And the agreement says there will be total denuclearization. Nobody wants to report that. So the only thing I did was I met. I got along with him great. He is great. We have a great chemistry together. That's a good thing, not a bad thing.
I can't speak to that. I can only speak to the fact that we signed an incredible agreement. It's great. And it's going to be great for them, too. Because now North Korea can develop and North Korea can become a great country economically. It can become whatever they want. But there won't be nuclear weapons and they won't be aimed at you and your families.
That was my offer. Just so you understand. Military --
Okay? Military -- I call them "war games." I hated them from the day I came in. I said, why aren't we being reimbursed?
They might use it. We pay for it. We pay millions and millions of dollars for planes, and all of this. It's my term. I said, I'd like to halt it because it's bad to be negotiating and doing it. It costs us a lot of money. I saved lot of money. That's a good thing for us. Okay, go ahead.
I'm kidding. You don't understand sarcasm. Who are you with? Wait, wait, who are you with? Who are you with?
You're with CNN! Hey, you are the worst.
Well, I feel badly about a lot of them, because I think a lot of it is very unfair. I mean, I look at some of them where they go back 12 years. Like Manafort has nothing to do with our campaign. But I feel so -- I tell you, I feel a little badly about it. They went back 12 years to get things that he did 12 years ago?
You know, Paul Manafort worked for me for a very short period of time. He worked for Ronald Reagan. He worked for Bob Dole. He worked for John McCain, or his firm did. He worked for many other Republicans. He worked for me, what, for 49 days or something? A very short period of time.
I feel badly for some people, because they've gone back 12 years to find things about somebody, and I don't think it's right. I don't think it's right that they burst into a lawyer's office on a weekend and early in the morning. I never heard of that before. I mean, could you imagine if they burst into Barack Obama's lawyer's office? It would not be acceptable. It would not be acceptable. I mean, that's really a terrible thing.
Now, I feel badly for a lot of those people. I feel badly for General Flynn. He's lost his house. He's lost his life. And some people say he lied, and some people say he didn't lie. I mean, really, it turned out maybe he didn't lie. So how can you do that? How can you do that -- because who has lied more than Comey? I mean, Comey lied a tremendous amount.
I don't want to talk about that. No, I don't want to talk about that. They'll . But look, I do want to see people treated fairly. That's what it's all about.
I mentioned the other day -- you saw what I did with the woman -- she's in jail for 23 years on charges where other people are out after three months. I thought it was a very unfair. It was brought to -- and she had another 20 years left, okay? She was 63 years old.
Well, I'm looking at them too, if you don't mind. I'm looking at them too.
Look, I did nothing wrong. You have to understand, this stuff would have come out a long time ago. I did nothing wrong. I don't do anything wrong.
I always liked Michael Cohen. I haven't spoken to Michael in a long time.
No, he's not my lawyer anymore. But I always liked Michael, and he's a good person. And I think he's been --
Excuse me, do you mind if I talk?
You're asking me a question; I'm trying to ask it.
No, I'm not worried because I did nothing wrong.
Let's not talk about it. You know what that is?
It's irrelevant. It's a statement to the New York Times -- the phony, failing New York Times.
Just wait a minute. Wait a minute. That's not a statement to a high tribunal of judges.
That's a statement to the phony New York Times. In fact, frankly, he shouldn't even speak to the New York Times because they only write phony stories anyway, although yesterday they wrote a nice story about what a .
Look, if you read the IG report, I've been totally exonerated. As far as I'm concerned --
Take a little at it. Take -- no, take a look at the investigation. Take a look at how it started. Take a look at the horrible statements that Peter Strzok, the chief investigator, said. And take a look at what he did with Hillary Clinton. Take a look at --
I'll tell you what -- you're asking me about Peter Strzok being fired. I am amazed that Peter Strzok is still at the FBI, and so is everybody else that read that report. And I'm not even talking about the report; I'm talking about long before the report. Peter Strzok should have been fired a long time ago, and others should have been fired.
I'm looking at Scott, and Scott has done a fantastic job at EPA, but -- you know, we'll -- we'll make --
I'm not happy about certain things, I'll be honest.
Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm not happy about certain things. But he's done a fantastic job running the EPA, which is very overriding. But I am not happy about it.
No, I hate it. I hate the children being taken away. The Democrats have to change their law. That's their law. They will force --
Quiet. Quiet. That's the Democrats' law. We can change it tonight. We can change it right now. I will leave here --
I will leave here -- no, no. You need their votes. You need their votes. The Democrats, all they have to do --
Excuse me. By one vote? We don't need it. You need 60 votes.
Excuse me. We have the one vote -- excuse me. We need a one-vote -- we have a one-vote edge. We need 60. So we need 10 votes. We can't get them from the Democrats.
Now, wait. Wait. You can't do it through an executive order.
Can we do one question at a time? Wait. One question at a time.
The children can be taken care of quickly, beautifully, and immediately. The Democrats forced that law upon our nation. I hate it. I hate to see separation of parents and children. The Democrats can come to us as they actually are -- in all fairness, we are talking to them -- and they can change the whole border security.
We need a wall. We need border security. We got to get rid of catch-and-release. You catch a criminal, you take his name, you release him, and he never shows up again. He goes into our society, and then we end up getting him in a different way, oftentimes after he's killed somebody. We've got to change our laws. The Democrats have control because we don't have the votes. The Republicans need -- we need more Republicans, frankly. And that's why I think we're going to do so well in the midterms. That and because --
Wait. That and because we have the strongest economy in the history of our nation. We have the best jobs numbers in the last 44 years. Top of Drudge: "The best job numbers in 44 years."
Because he's following the law.
No. He's following laws. He following a law that --
Can I answer your question, please?
Okay? You're just asking me the same question over and over. He's following laws, very simply, that were given to us and forced upon us by the Democrats.
The Democrats gave us the laws. Now, I want the laws to be beautiful, humane, but strong. I don't want bad people coming in. I don't want drugs coming in. And we can solve that problem in one meeting. Tell the Democrats, your friends, to call me.
Well, I'm going to speak to people in North Korea, and I'm going to speak to my people who are over in North Korea. A lot of things are happening.
And I will tell you this: We now have a very good relationship with North Korea. When I came into this job, it looked like war -- not because of me, but because -- if you remember the sit-down with Barack Obama, I think you will admit this, he said the biggest problem that the United States has, and by far the most dangerous problem -- and he said to me -- that we've ever had, because of nuclear, is North Korea.
Now, that was shortly before I entered office. I have solved that problem. Now, we're getting it memorialized and all, but that problem is largely solved, and part of the reason is we signed, number one, a very good document. But you know what? More importantly than the document -- more importantly than the document, I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un. That's a very important thing.
People are shocked that this is the kind of -- you know, they thought Trump was going to get in and he was going to start throwing bombs all over the place. It's actually the opposite.
But we're building a military so strong -- $716 billion next year; $700  this year. We're building a military so strong, nobody is going to mess with us. But you know what? I never want to have to use it.
We're going to have a very strong verification process.
Now, if you read the agreement, which most of you didn't, point after point after point he gave, including getting back our -- the remains of our great heroes, okay? Of our great, great heroes. Which made -- some people are crying in the streets they're so happy. Nobody thought we were going to get that. Point after point.
All they said about me is, "You met. He met. It's terrible you met." Of course I met. Meeting is a good thing, not a bad thing. By the way, it was good for the United States; it was good for them.
I spoke with China. They are very happy. Actually, they were much happier. Now, they may not be as happy today because of what I'm doing with trade. You probably heard that. I assume it's been announced by now. But we're putting tariffs on 50 billion dollars' worth of technology and other things because we have to, because we've been treated very unfairly.
But China has been terrific. President Xi has been terrific. President Moon, everybody -- we're all working together because of me.
Well, we're working it as fast as possible.
We're working it as fast as possible.
We're working that. We're working denuclearization as fast as possible.
It's possible that we'll meet, yeah. And I thought -- you know, this all started because somebody -- one of you -- asked, "Should Putin be in the G7?" I said, no, he should be in the G8.
A few years ago, Putin was in what was called the G8. I think it's better to have Russia in than to have Russia out, because just like North Korea, just like somebody else, it's much better if we get along with them than if we don't. So it's possible. Just so you understand --
No, no. President Obama lost Crimea, just so you understand. This was long before I got there. Just -- I want to make it so the fake news prints it properly. President Obama lost Crimea.
Wait, wait. That's his fault. Yeah, yeah, it's his fault. Yeah, it's his fault.
The President -- just so you understand --
Because -- because Putin didn't respect President Obama. President Obama lost Crimea because President Putin didn't respect President Obama, didn't respect our country, and didn't respect Ukraine.
But President Obama, not Trump -- when it's my fault, I'll tell you. But President Obama gave away that. Now, President Obama, by not going across the red line in the sand that he drew -- I went across it with the 59 missile hits.
But President Obama, when he didn't go across the red line, what he gave away, nobody even knows. But just to put it -- one more time, President Obama gave away Crimea. That should have never happened. Goodbye everybody.
Well, it seems that it's coming out on my birthday. Maybe that's appropriate. Let's see if it is. Look, he's a very dishonest man; I've been saying it for a long time. I think I did our country a great fire -- a really great favor when I fired him. And we'll see what happens. We'll see what the report says. But I guess it just got announced that it's coming out on June 14th, so that'll be maybe a nice birthday present. Who knows.
We're going to deal with the unfair trade practices. If you look at what Canada, Mexico, the European Union, all of them have been doing to us for many, many decades, we have to change it. And they understand it's going to happen.
We are going to do very well. Now, if we're unable to make a deal, we'll terminate NAFTA; we'll have a better deal. If we are unable to make a deal, we will be better off. Right now, we are not going to live with the deals the way they are. European Union treats us very unfairly. Canada, very unfairly. Mexico, very unfairly.
With that being said, I think we'll probably very easily make a deal.
No, I didn't say that. I said I've been preparing all my life. I always believe in preparation, but I've been preparing all my life. You know, these one-week preparations, they don't work. Just ask Hillary what happened to her in the debates.
So I've been preparing for this all my life. And frankly, it's really just the fake news. Because if you run, Peter, just a little but longer, the clip, you would see: I've really been preparing all my life. I said that, but, you know, the news doesn't pick that up because it's fake news.
It's very interesting that they caught a leaker in a very important -- it's a very important leaker. So it's very interesting. I'm getting information on it now. Happened last night. It could be a terrific thing.
I know -- I believe strongly in freedom of the press. Im a big, big believer in freedom of the press, but I'm also a believer in classified information. Has to remain classified. And that includes Comey and his band of thieves who leak classified information all over the place.
So Im a very big believer in freedom of the press, but Im also a believer that you cannot leak classified information.
Yeah, I think its very sad. In fact, I want to extend to his family my heartfelt condolences. That was very shocking. When I woke up this morning: Anthony Bourdain is dead. And I enjoyed his show. He was quite a character, I will say. But I just want to extend my condolences. And also to the family of Kate Spade.
It may be. You can call it anything you want. It doesnt matter. It doesnt matter what you call it. It used to be the G8 because Russia was in it. And now Russias not in it.
Now, I love our country. I have been Russias worst nightmare. If Hillary got in, Id think Putin is probably going, Man, I wish Hillary won. Because you see what I do. But, with that being said, Russia should be in this meeting. Why are we having a meeting without Russia being in the meeting? And I would recommend, and its up to them, but Russia should be in the meeting. They should be a part of it.
You know, whether you like it or not -- and it may not be politically correct -- but we have a world to run. And in the G7, which used to be the G8, they threw Russia out. They should let Russia come back in. Because we should have Russia at the negotiating table.
I may leave a little bit early. It depends on the timing. But I may leave a little bit early. And it depends what happens here.
Look, all of these countries have been taking advantage of the United States on trade. You saw where Canada charges our dairy farmers 270 percent tariffs. We dont charge them, or if we do, its like a tiny percentage. So we have to straighten it out.
We have massive trade deficits with almost every country. We will straighten that out. And Ill tell you what, its what I do. It wont even be hard. And in the end, well all get along.
But they understand. And you know, theyre trying to act like, Well, we fought with you in the war. They dont mention the fact that they have trade barriers against our farmers. They dont mention the fact that theyre charging almost 300 percent tariffs. When it all straightens out, well all be in love again.
There will be more pardons. I thought Alice, yesterday, was beautiful. I thought Jack Johnson, which was recommended by Sylvester Stallone and some great boxers -- I thought Jack Johnson was a great one.
Im thinking about somebody that you all know very well. And he went through a lot. And he wasnt very popular then --
And he wasnt very popular then. No, Im not thinking about O.J. But hes not -- only you could say O.J. But he was -- look, he was not very popular then. Hes -- certainly, his memory is very popular now. Im thinking about Muhammad Ali.
Im thinking about that very seriously. And some others. And some folks that have sentences that arent fair. But I am thinking about Muhammad Ali.
In fact, were doing right now, recommendations on -- frankly, were doing recommendations on Muhammad Ali.
No. No. No, Im not above the law. Id never want anybody to be above the law. But the pardons are a very positive thing for a President. I think you see the way Im using them. And yes, I do have an absolute right to pardon myself.
But Ill never have to do it because I didnt do anything wrong. And everybody knows it. Theres been no collusion. Theres been no obstruction. Its all a made-up fantasy. Its a witch hunt. No collusion, no obstruction, no nothing.
Now, the Democrats have had massive collusion, massive obstruction, and they should be investigated. Well see whats happening. Yeah.
I havent even thought about it. I havent even thought -- I havent thought about any of it. It certainly is far too early to be thinking about that.
They havent been convicted of anything. Theres nothing to pardon. It's far too early to be -- it is far too early to be thinking about it.
Well, Scott Pruitt is doing a great job within the walls of the EPA. I mean, we're setting records. Outside, he's being attacked very viciously by the press. And I'm not saying that he's blameless, but we'll see what happens.
That's what I want to do. We have 3,000 names. We're looking at them. Of the 3,000 names, many of those names really have been treated unfairly. You know, this is a group of 3,000 that we've assembled. And I would get more thrill out of pardoning people that nobody knows -- like Alice, yesterday.
I thought Kim Kardashian was great because she brought Alice to my attention. Alice was so great. And the way she left that jail, and the tears and the love that she has with her family -- I mean, to me, that was better than any celebrity that I can pardon.
So we're looking at it. But we are looking at literally thousands of names of people that have come to our attention that have been treated unfairly, or where their sentence is far too long.
I didn't invite them. No, I didn't invite Lebron James, and I didn't invite Steph Curry. We're not going to invite either team. But we have other teams that are coming.
You know, if you look, we had Alabama, national champion; we had Clemson, national champion; we had the New England Patriots; we had the Pittsburgh Penguins last year.
I think we'll have the Caps. I mean, we'll see. You know my attitude: If they want to be here -- it's the greatest place on Earth -- I'm here. If they don't want to be here, I don't want them.
I think if you look at what Paul Ryan is saying, it didn't come out that way. The fact is, they had people in our campaign -- they had people doing things that have never been done in the history of this country, and it really is a disgrace. And frankly, that stuff is just starting to come out.
We'll see what happens. We'll see what happens.
Well, we're doing well. Look, Mitt's a straight shooter. Whether people love him or don't love him --
Mitt Romney is a straight shooter. And yeah, he -- that's a very nice thing to say. I appreciate that. That's good.
I love Canada, but they treat us very unfairly on trade. Very, very unfairly. You see the numbers. Almost 300 percent on dairy. So they treat us very unfairly.
Are you guys all going? You better get going, Peter. We'll leave without you.
I would only do a deal if I get it through Congress. I wouldn't do like Obama did. And fortunately, he wasn't able to get it through. You know, he tried to get it through -- the Iran deal. He tried to get it through Congress, failed. So he just did it without, which is why I was able to break it up so easy.
And Iran is now a different country. They're not looking to the Mediterranean anymore; Iran is now a much different company -- country since I did -- since I signed that out, Iran is a much different country.
I really do. I support Senator Gardner. I know exactly what he's doing; we're looking at it. But I probably will end up supporting that, yes.
The First Lady is great. Right there. She has to -- and she wanted to go -- can't fly for one month.
The doctors say. She had a big operation. That was a -- close to a four-hour operation. And she's doing great. Right there. And you know what? She is a great First Lady.
We'll be talking to them, but that's terrible. Okay, any other questions?
Was one of my lawyers. Incredible that you can break into a lawyer's office. That's one thing I can say. And I think that was unfortunate that they broke into a lawyer's office. Not a good practice.
Well, the Democrats -- this is a Democrat bill. The Democrats can end that very quickly. All they have to do is sit down with us and negotiate a real bill allows us to keep criminals out of this country. Its very easy.
You know, Schumer is a guy -- he complains, but he doesnt do anything. Schumer is a guy who is an obstructer. He cant do anything. All he can do is obstruct. All they have to do is call us and well draw a bill that gives us great border safety and security and is fair. Because I dont like the children being separated from the parents. I dont like it. I hate it.
But thats a Democrat bill that were enforcing. We can change it in one day. All they have to do is come and see us.
I cant hear your question, darling. Too much competition. Go ahead.
No, youre not prepared. I cant believe shes not prepared. See theyre shocked, right?
Well bring it up. Yeah. Well bring it up.
I have work. I have about 15 boxes of work. I will be able to work without being bothered by phone calls, where you people are writing fake stories about me and we have to respond.
No, seriously, I mean, I have a lot of work thats on the plane so that will be good.
Look, Rudy is great. But Rudy is Rudy. But Rudy is doing a very good job, actually. Doing a very good job.
Im not going to disagree with him on that.
I cant hear a word hes saying.
No, he wasnt, but I like Dennis. A great rebounder. You know when you think -- Dennis was a great rebounder and he wasnt, relatively speaking, that tall. So that tells you. You know, theres a rebounding -- theres a genius for that. Dennis Rodman was a great rebounder.
One thing we are thinking about, speaking of sports stars -- the power to pardon is a beautiful thing. You got to get it right. You got to get the right people. I am looking at Muhammad Ali. But those are the famous people. And in one way, its easier, and people find it fascinating, but I want to do people that are unfairly treated like an Alice, where she comes out and theres something beautiful.
What I am thinking to do -- you have a lot of people in the NFL, in particular, but in sports leagues. Theyre not proud enough to stand for our National Anthem. I dont like that. What Im going to do is Im going to say to them -- instead of talk. Its all talk, talk, talk. We have a great country, you should stand for our National Anthem. You shouldnt go in a locker room when our National Anthem is played.
I am going to ask all of those people to recommend to me -- because thats what theyre protesting -- people that they think were unfairly treated by the justice system. And I understand that. And Im going to ask them to recommend to me people that were unfairly treated -- friends of theirs or people that they know about -- and Im going to take a look at those applications. And if I find, and my committee finds that they are unfairly treated, then we will pardon them or at least let them out.
You know, I dont have to do that. Im not looking to grandstand. Weve got enough grandstanders in this town.
Im just saying, for the leagues, if they have people -- if the players, if the athletes have friends of theirs or people that they know about that have been unfairly treated by the system, let me know.
Well, you know, if you think about it, thats really -- that becomes celebrity advocates. But they know a lot of things that were not going to know. Theyve seen a lot of abuse and theyve seen a lot of unfairness. So if they have -- how do you like that idea, David?
Oh, no. I have the absolute right. I dont have to do it. Never did anything wrong. And you know that better than anybody.
I think you have a double edge. Reporters cant leak. You cannot leak classified information. At the same time, we need freedom of the press. But you cannot leak like Hillary Clinton did, like Comey did; you cannot leak classified information.
If you look at the young sailor -- Saucier -- I mean he went to jail over not classified, a much lower level. And its very unfair that he goes to jail, and that Comey's allowed to do it all over. It's very unfair.
Thank you much. I'll see you in Canada.
Good morning. I just want to tell you we're doing very well with North Korea. Our Secretary of State has had very good meetings. He's meeting again today. I believe they'll be coming down to Washington on Friday.
And a letter is going to be delivered to me from Kim Jong Un. So I look forward to seeing what's in the letter. But it's very important to them. So they'll be, probably, coming down to Washington, D.C. on Friday for the delivery of a letter. I look forward to that.
Other than that, the economy is good. Stock market is up. Lot of jobs. Best unemployment we've had in many, many decades, actually. And we're going to Dallas. We're going to Houston. And we're going to have a little fun today. Thank you very much.
I don't know. I don't know. But if you know, Steve, let me know.
I think it will be very positive. I think it will be very positive. The meetings have been very positive.
We'll see what happens. It's a process. It's all a process. We'll see. And hopefully we'll have a meeting on the 12th. That's going along very well, but I want it to be meaningful.
It doesn't mean it gets all done at one meeting; maybe you have to have a second or a third. And maybe we'll have none. But it's in good hands, that I can tell you. You know that, actually. Thank you. Thank you.
Only because, only because of I felt from I don't know him, I never met him, I called him last night first time I've ever spoken to him I said I'm pardoning you. Nobody asked me to do it.
I've always felt he was very unfairly treated. And a lot of people did, a lot of people did. What should have been a quick minor fine, like everybody else with the election stuff.what they did to him was horrible. I always felt that he was  I didn't know him.
I read the papers  I see him on television. I'll tell you another one  there's another one that I'm thinking about. Rod Blagojich. 18 years in jail for being stupid and saying things that every other politician, you know that many other politicans say.
And If you look at what he said he said something to the effect like what do I get  stupid thing to say. But he's sort of saying .. he's gonna make a US senator which is a very big eal. And it was foolish  18 years now. I don't know him other than that he was on The Apprentice for a short period of time.
18 years is I think really unfair. It's a Democrat. You know D'Souza's a Republican. And I'm seriously thinking about it. I am seriously thinking about  not pardoning  but I am seriously thinking of a curtailment of Blagojvich.
Reporter provides the word commutation. Because what he did does not justify 18 years in a jail. If you read his statement it was a foolish statement there was a lot of bravado... but it does not... plenty of other politicians have said a lot worse. And it doesn't, he shouldn't have been put in jail.
And he's a Democrat. He's not my party. But I thought that he was treated unfairly. Trump said he spoke to D'Souza for three minutes last night... he almost had a heart attack. And there are others. I think to a certain extent Martha stewart was harshly and unfairly treated. And she used to be my biggest fan in the world  before I became a politicna. But that's ok I don't view it that way.
Thank you. Thank you. Wow. Do we love Nashville, do we love Tennessee. We love Tennessee. Thank you. What a crowd. What a crowd. I want to thank you. I want to thank Trace Adkins; he was incredible. And, you know, Trace won The Apprentice. Trace is a winner.
And I want to thank you very much. Trace. That was fantastic. I'm thrilled to be here in the great State of Tennessee, and that's what it is; it is a great state. It's the heart of American music, and I mean incredible music. I love country music and culture, joined by thousands of hardworking American patriots.
So joining us this evening are many of your wonderful Tennessee Republican leaders. Boy, this feels just like before our election. This is a big crowd of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, with bad weather and bad everything. And they're still coming in. We love you. We love you. Thank you.
And we're producing for you. We're really producing. You know, people are saying that we made certain promises and I'm the only politician -- can you imagine, the word politician -- I never thought that was going to happen, I don't even like it -- but I'm the only politician that produced more than I said I was going to produce, and we're only 1 1/2 years in.
But, before we begin, we have some great people. State Republican Party chairman who's done an incredible job, Scott Golden. Scott? And Lieutenant Governor Randy McNally. Randy, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Randy. Thank you, Scott.
From your House delegation we have David Kustoff. Where's David? David? Thank you, David. David Kustoff. Scott DesJarlais, the most beautiful name in politics. Thank you. Diane Black? Diane? Where's Diane? She's in a big race. Good luck, Diane.
And Jimmy Duncan, right, Jimmy. First time I met Jimmy Duncan, I was in Pennsylvania doing a speech with a good friend of his, Lou Barletta, who's now running for the Senate in the great State of Pennsylvania and I think he's going to do really well. He's an incredible guy.
But they're good friends. So I was making a speech and Jimmy Duncan comes in. I didn't know Jimmy at the time. This is before the election. And Tennessee has early voting, right, very early. And this is like three weeks before the election.
And he comes up and he goes, You know, Mr. Trump -- see, then, it wasn't Mr. President; it was just Mr. Trump -- and he goes, You know, I've never seen anything like it, but I love the State of Tennessee. And those people were coming from the hills, from the valleys, from the mountains, they were coming from everywhere. He said, I've never seen anything like it.
Really early voting in Tennessee. He said, All I can say is you're going to win Tennessee in a landslide, which we did. But he said, If the rest of the country is like Tennessee, right, Jimmy, If it's like Tennessee, you're going to win this election very easily. But we all kept hearing, he can't get to 270. Remember, you need 270 Electoral College. There is no way to 270. And they were right: 306.
There is no way to 270. I went to Maine. I love Maine, but I went there four times, because I needed one, I had to find one because I believed the fake news. They were wrong. There they are right back there.
They're fake. They are fake. Look how many of them. Look how many, oh, boy. That's a lot of people back there. That's a lot of people. Fake news. We're also very grateful to be joined by Senator Lamar Alexander. Lamar?
And Senator Bob Corker. And, finally, the person we are all here tonight to support, the next United States senator from the great State of Tennessee, a very, very early supporter of ours and a really wonderful woman -- she loves your state, she loves your country, she's going to win -- Marsha Blackburn. Come up, Marsha, for a second. Marsha?
Thank you, Marsha. She is a great woman. She is a great woman. So we need Marsha in the Senate to continue the amazing progress and work that we've done over the last year and a half. There has never been an administration -- and even some of our enemies are begrudgingly admitting this -- that has done what we've done in the first year and a half. Think of it.
We've created 3.3 million new jobs since Election Day. Now, if we would have said that before the election, that I'm going to create 3.3 million new jobs, we would never have survived the onslaught from the fake news. They would have not accepted it. They wouldn't have accepted it.
They would have said, There's no way you can do that. Unemployment is at its lowest level since the turn of the century. Now, the actual number is 19 years, but I said, Let's see, 19 years -- that brings us into the last century. I love the sound of the turn of the century, right? So I said, Let's not use 19; let's say the turn of the century. But that's a long time.
African-American unemployment and Hispanic-American unemployment are at their lowest levels in history -- in history. Unemployment among women is at its lowest level in almost 20 years.
And wages, for the first time in many, many years, are finally going up. Wages are going up. I used to talk about it on the campaign trail. People were making less money working two and three jobs than they were making 20 years ago.
Well, now, wage -- it's going up, folks. What can I say? They're just going up. Wages going up and they're going up fast. The forgotten men and women of our country are no longer forgotten. They are forgotten no more, no more.
We're reasserting American strength and confidence and talent. We have tremendous talent in this country, tremendous talent in this room, a big room, this stadium, this arena. We have tremendous talent, and our talent and our strength is being respected again.
Prosperity is booming. Optimism is surging and America is winning. We're winning. We truly are making America great again. Look at all those hats. But, most importantly, our country is respected again all over the world. We're not making apologies. We're not making excuses. We're respected again as a country.
No more apologies. But, to keep this momentum going, to continue this incredible progress, to keep on winning, you have to vote Republican in November. You see what's happening with the Democrats.
So Marsha's very liberal Democrat opponent, Phil Bredesen -- I've never heard of this guy. Who is he? Who is he? He's an absolute, total tool of Chuck Schumer. He's a tool of Chuck Schumer and, of course, the MS-13 lover, Nancy Pelosi.
She loves MS-13. Can you imagine? Remember? I said they're animals, and she said, How dare you say that? How dare you say that? Have you seen what they've done? Have you seen what they are doing to us? And we're taking them out of our country by the thousands -- out, out by the thousands.
So Philbert was recruited by Schumer to run for the Senate. He had to get Pelosi's approval -- can you believe this? And, if Bredesen were ever to get elected, he'd do whatever Chuck and Nancy -- remember the term, Chuck-and-Nancy. They don't want the wall. They want open borders. They're more interested in taking care of criminals than they are in taking care of you.
Bredesen donated a lot of money to the campaigns of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton -- Crooked Hillary. So how do you like the fact they had people infiltrating our campaign? Can you imagine? Can you imagine? Can you imagine people infiltrating our campaign? Is there anybody in this big, beautiful arena right now that's infiltrating our campaign? Would you please raise your hand? That would take courage.
Now, look, you take a look at what's going on. Never in the history of our country has something taken place like took place during this election. In all fairness, I'm no fan of Crazy Bernie Sanders. I'm no fan. But I want to tell you, he got screwed. He did. He did.
Crazy Bernie -- he still doesn't know what happened. No, he doesn't know. I saw him on television. I don't know what happened. Me, too. I thought he was winning.
But it helped me, because we were very, very cautious and we worked hard -- many, many speeches a day. That last month of campaigning -- and some of the polls got it right. But I'll tell you what, I'd see the crowds, crowds like this. I'd go one to another to another all over the country.
She'd go there. The only way she filled up the arena was to get Jay-Z. And his language was so filthy that it made me, like, the most clean-cut human being on earth.
He'd stand up there before those crowds -- and, by the way, without any musical instruments, I had much bigger crowds than he was drawing -- but he'd stand up before those crowds and he'd use the F-word and Hillary would sit back and -- I'm in trouble. I'm in trouble. Please, don't have him use that kind of language anymore.
And then he'd finish and everybody would leave and she'd be standing up making a speech to 400 people. But Phil Bredesen supported her. And he supported her ideas. He opposes the border wall. We need a wall. We're going to get the wall. We've already started doing it.
So we've already started. We got $1.6 billion in the last approval. Now, remember this: We had to take care of our military folks, OK? We had to take care.
I got $700 billion for our military and next year I got $716 billion. And our enemies look at us much differently now than they looked at us two years ago.
We also, by the way -- very important to all of us -- we got $6 billion -- that's B billion -- $700 B billion, but we got $6 billion for opioid and getting rid of that scourge that's taking over our country.
And the numbers are way down. We're getting the word out -- bad. Bad stuff. You go to the hospital, you have a broken arm; you come out, you're a drug addict with this crap. It's way down. We're doing a good job with it.
But we got $6 billion to help us with opioid. So, if you want strong borders -- and again, we started that wall. We have $1.6 billion for the wall. We've started the wall. And, in San Diego, they came to us -- they wanted the wall in California. And you heard the story.
I said, Don't give it them, because we lose a lot of energy. They wanted it so badly. They got tired of illegal immigrants walking across their front lawn. Can you understand that? Isn't that terrible that they got tired?
Why shouldn't they have people walking in their living room? Why? So they wanted the wall. So I said, No, let's wait. And they said, Go ahead and build it, we got a good price. So we started to build it. Then I had second thoughts because of the governor of California, who loves sanctuary cities and other things.
So he didn't want the wall. But they were putting so much pressure, so I decided to do it. Then, in the middle of doing it -- it's beautiful. It's big. Nobody is crossing it very easily. Not one of those that you can just scoot to the top. This is a real wall.
So what happened is, in the middle, like, I sort of had second thoughts. You ever have second thoughts about something? I said, You know, let's stop building the wall, because we get more pressure put on this crazy governor where the taxes are high and the crime is high. Other than that, he's doing a fantastic job, OK?
In California -- I have property in California that I don't care about anymore. When you do this job, there's only one thing that matters. That's getting it done properly. It doesn't matter -- getting it done. Who cares? Who cares if you have property? Big deal.
So I said, Let's stop building the wall. I said, How much would it cost? Because I know too much about contractors. I think half the room is contractors. Look at these people. I can tell a contractor. I can smell a contractor, believe it or not. There are a lot of contractors in this room.
So I said, Find out how much it would cost to stop. And one of the generals said, Sir, it wouldn't cost anything to stop. I said, Really? Find out. When he came to me, he said, It's $7 million to stop.
I'd said, All right, keep building it, OK? I'm not going to stop it for that, right? We got to get it done. So we're doing the wall. We started the wall. But we want to do -- we need about 700 miles of wall. It's 2,000 miles. We need about 700 miles of wall. We're getting it. We have a lot of natural barriers that are better than any wall you could build.
But we're getting it. And, for those people -- remember I used to say, And who's going to pay for the wall? And these guys all think, Wow, we finally have them. Because Mexico said they're not going to pay for the wall.
What does that mean? What does that mean? We're renegotiating NAFTA. Remember what I said. We are having -- we are having -- you remember I said to Tennessee, I said to everyone -- we have such a bad deal with Mexico. We have such a bad deal with Canada. We lose with Mexico over $100 billion a year with this crazy NAFTA deal.
One -- think of it. It's impossible. We lose $100 billion a year, and that doesn't include the billions of dollars of drugs that flow into our country. That's not included. That's probably another $100 billion, probably more than that. And it's really destroying our youth. We're going to stop it and we have been stopping it.
And immigration is down much, but we need border wall. We need -- we got to have a change in our laws. Our laws are the worst laws of any country anywhere in the world -- catch and release. Did you ever hear?
You catch, you take their name and you release. Great. Wonderful. Then they are supposed to show up to a court. There's only one problem: They never show up. So we're working on it. We're having a real problem.
The Democrats want to use it as a campaign issue. And I keep saying, I hope they do. The fact is the Democrats are lousy politicians. They are lousy on policy.
I happen to think them allowing open borders, which we don't allow anyway -- but they make it very difficult -- but them allowing open borders -- that's a good issue for us, not to them. I really -- but the one thing they do -- the one thing they do is they stick together. It's always like 48, 49. Nobody leaves in the Senate.
They stick together. They always vote, like, 100 percent. OK? So we need more Republicans. We're going to get them. We're going to get the wall done anyway.
Mexico, I don't want to cause a problem. I don't want to cause it. But, in the end -- in the end, Mexico is going to pay for the wall. I'm just telling you.
All right. I don't want to cause any problem. But in the end Mexico is paying for the wall. They make all of this money and they do absolutely nothing to stop people from going through Mexico from Honduras and all these other countries -- the caravan, all of this stuff -- they do nothing to help us. Nothing. They're going to pay for the wall and they're going to enjoy it. OK?
They're going to enjoy it. They do nothing for us. So, if you want strong voters, and if you want -- not only that; we have to do something with the lottery. We have to do something with chain migration.
We have a guy in New York a year ago -- he ran over and killed eight people, right? Eight people, and nobody ever talks about the people that were injured. Do you ever notice? They say, eight people who died, well, about 12 are just horribly injured. They lose an arm. They lose a leg.
These are people that are running alongside of the Hudson River, which I know so well. And they are running. And this maniac takes his car, he's driving fast, he goes, he knocks off as many people as he can. Eight people killed, many people badly injured -- missing a leg, missing an arm. Can you imagine?
These are people different from me in the sense that they want to run. I don't want to run. They want to run. And they go and they work hard. And they want to look good. And they come home because of this maniac and others like them. Look at what's going on all over the world. Look at what's going on -- look at what's happening to Europe.
So they go. And they take this man, right? And he got here and he's got 22 people that came in -- his mother, his father, his grandmother, his uncle, his brother, his sister. He got -- 22 people come in for this one guy. That's called chain migration -- 22 people.
And then, of course, you have the wonderful lottery system that was started by Chuck Schumer, or -- sometimes referred to as Crying Chuck Schumer, right? I know him for so many years. I know him from New York so long.
Crying Chuck -- remember, he was crying. He was so sad. He got up, he was crying. He was working those tears. He was trying so hard. He was trying so hard that, actually, they weren't tears. It was sweat. He was sweating.
So Crying Chuck wanted to have a lottery system. Think of it, a lottery. You pick people. Now, let me ask you. So these countries that are sending people in -- do you think they are sending us their finest? Do you think they are sending us -- so we got the lottery.
So they put names, and we pick the names, and they come in, and then we wonder why we have problems. We're not going to be a stupid country anymore. We've stopped it. We're not going to be.
And you can say what you want, but I think border security and security in general is a great issue for the Republican Party. I think it's a great issue. Not a bad issue.
So, if you want the strong voters, if you want crime to stop -- and, by the way, as a country, we have it way down. But then you take a look at a place like Chicago. What the hell is that mayor doing? What is he doing?
But we have -- crime is down in the country. But we need Republicans, and we need to get out and vote for Marsha. If you want your communities to be safe, if you want your schools to be safe, if you want your schools to be safe , if you want your country to be safe, then you must go out and get the Democrats the hell out of office, because there's no common sense.
And we're going to defend our borders, and we're going to fight hard on crime. We're not going to let what's happened over the last long period of time -- been going on for a long time. We have borders down 40 percent, and it's tough because our economy is doing so well. More people try to get in, so it makes it even tougher.
But the other thing is we are going to protect your Second Amendment. You won't have a Second Amendment if the Democrats take over. You won't have a Second Amendment. You won't have a Second Amendment.
So, last week, I visited a place where -- I essentially grew up right next to it -- to discuss the menace of MS-13. This vicious gang has transformed once peaceful, beautiful communities that I know so well -- I know them all -- into bloodstained killing fields, savagely murdering, raping and mutilating their victims.
And they don't even want to do it with a gun. They talk about gun control. They don't want to do it with a gun. They want to do it with knives. They want to cut people up into little pieces because it's more painful.
And then I have to listen to Pelosi and these people saying, We have to respect them. They are human beings. They are not human beings. They're not human beings. And this is why we call the bloodthirsty MS-13 gang members exactly the name that I used last week. What was the name? 
Animals. MS-13 takes advantage of glaring loopholes in our immigration laws to infiltrate our country. That's what they do. Think of it. We're bringing them out by the thousands, but they come in. We're bringing them out by the thousands. In Long Island, we have guys in border patrol. And we have guys in ICE -- and women, fantastic women and brave and tough and strong -- but we have the people in ICE.
They go around and grab MS-13. And the beauty is, they are much tougher than these gang members. And they see these people. And they say, Man, and they throw them into the paddy wagons. And the towns -- this is Long Island, where I grew up.
You have the same kind of communities. But, for some reason, so many in Long Island -- it's like they've been liberated, like from a war. It's like the enemy has been taken out and the people are dancing and they're waving and they are looking out their windows and they are waving to the ICE people. Those people are incredible, brave, tough people. They've been liberated.
Terrible. If you would have told me 30 years ago, 20 years ago, that could happen to Long Island, I would have said, No way. But that's what happened. But think of it. It's like these towns have been liberated.
Yet, in the face of MS-13 and its threat, Washington, Democrats voted against legislation to remove these criminal aliens. They voted against Kate's Law. And they voted in favor of sanctuary cities that protect criminals. And they voted in favor catch and release. OK?
So Democrats have opposed every common-sense measure necessary to stop this horrendous scourge of crime, to dismantle MS-13 and to stop illegal immigration. That's why we have to go in November. You have to work with Marsha. We have to get the votes. We need the votes. They stick together. They'll always vote.
Phil -- whatever the hell his name is -- this guy will 100 percent vote against us every single time. I have Democrats come up to me. I love you, President. I love the job. I'm with you, President. Some of these states, I won by 44 points. And they're afraid that, if I go there, which I will -- so they're telling me all sorts. They're actually saying good things.
Democrats running for office -- many of them are saying great things about me. In fact, I think they're Republicans. But here is the problem: They're not going to vote for us. No matter what they say, doesn't matter.
The only thing that matters -- they don't have to say anything. The only thing that matters is will they raise their hand. They will never raise their hand, because I told you, they are bad at everything, but they are good at sticking together.
They are good at sticking -- I give them respect for that. They are good at sticking together. It's the only thing they are good at. We support the rule of law and we support the heroes of law enforcement. Thank you.
And we defend our Constitution. And we have confirmed -- we've got now through confirmation a record number of judges who will interpret the Constitution as written, as written.
We have pride in our history. And we have respect for our great American flag. We put our hands on our hearts for the Pledge of Allegiance. Put our hands on our hearts. And we always proudly stand for our national anthem. Thank you. What's that all about?
Guided by these shared values, we've already accomplished more than anyone ever dreamed possible. A year and a half -- that's all it is. We have not let you down. I'll never let you down, never. We passed the largest tax cuts and reform in American history.
Larger than Ronald Reagan, many years ago. And you know? When I got involved, I said, You got to help me with this, because why have you never been able to pass tax cuts? You might have heard the story. And they said to me, Sir, I don't know. We just can't pass them.
I said, Can I see a few of these bills over the years? I looked at one from 20 years ago, 10 years ago, 30 years ago. But it doesn't say Tax cut. It says the Tax Reform Act of 1994, tax reform. It says things -- what does reform mean? It might mean you pay more taxes.
It didn't say cuts. So I meet with the politicians, and they've been doing it much longer than me. Remember that I've only been doing it for a couple of years, right? But we have common sense.
I said, Wait a minute. When you pass the tax reform act of whatever year, nobody knows it's tax cuts. Well, I think they do. Great, let's give everybody an education. We're going to give 350 million people an education. You got to call it the Tax Cut Act. The Tax Cut Act.
And then said -- good people -- well, meaning they want to pass it -- really good people -- Kevin Brady, a lot of great people, knowledgeable -- they said, Sir, what would you like to name it? I said, I'll tell you, and I'm being serious about it. I want it to be called the Tax Cut, Cut, Cut, Cut Plan. Four cuts.
And we all agreed that was a little bit hokey, so we decided not to do that. But we call it the Tax Cut Act, OK? And it was -- and I don't say easy. I don't say easy -- and then, of course, repeal and replace Obamacare.
But what -- we had it done, folks. It was done, and then, early in the morning, somebody turned the hand in the wrong direction. That cost our country a lot. That was a very, very terrible thing that happened that night. That was a very terrible thing.
That cost our country $1 trillion in entitlement saving that nobody would have known. It would have given us a good health care plan and that cost us a lot. And nobody knew that was going to happen, because we had it done.
Repeal and replace. And the person that voted that way only talked repeal and replace. He campaigned on it. So I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this. To get that, we are coming up with great health care.
Our secretary of labor is coming out with a plan in two weeks -- association plan. Going to be great. Our secretary of health, Alex -- we have Alex Acosta, you know that. I have my two Alexes.
Both my Alexes are coming out with plans that are phenomenal plans, phenomenal plans, Alex Azar, Alex Acosta. And they'll be out over the next four weeks.
It's going to cover a tremendous amount of territory. Plus, in the tax cuts, what did we get? The individual mandate is out the window. That was the most unpopular part of Obamacare .
So unconstitutional. That was where you have the privilege of paying a lot of money so that you don't have to pay for health care because you're not going to get it, OK? So you pay not to have to pay for health care, in other words, you're not going to get health care. You pay for the privilege, they give it.
You pay for the -- every time I think of this, you pay for the privilege of not getting health care -- great. That's a great one. I love that. That was an Obama special. Who would think of that? Who would think of it? So we got rid of the individual mandate.
We also got ANWR in Alaska in tax cut plan. Friend of mine called, they said, You know, that's amazing, ANWR. He's in the oil business. Successful guy. He goes, I can't believe it. They've been trying to get ANWR. That's a massive find.
It's been for years and years they haven't been able to get it approved. And I wasn't pushing it too hard, to be honest with you, because I was more focused on the tax cuts. He called up, he goes, Is it true that you're trying to get ANWR and you'll maybe get it? I said, Yes. Who cares? It's the biggest, like, the biggest find. It's like phenomenal.
I said, Why do you ask? He said, Well, you know, every president -- Bush. Bush -- $7 trillion in the Middle East -- great, great, great investment. A lot of death, death and blood and money -- horrible, Bush. Everybody tried to get -- so he said, People have been trying to get that approved since Ronald Reagan.
I said, What about Reagan? He tried also. They failed. When I heard that, I said, You got to get ANWR approved. And we got it approved as part of the -- I never knew it was such a big deal. It's actually a big deal. And the people of Alaska, who are great -- they're working on it right now. They're moving it along.
Last week, we passed new landmark legislation to give choice to our great veterans. It's going through. We're going to have it. It's going to be incredible. We're going for choice. Haven't finished the process yet, but it's happening -- choice.
You know, before I knew too much about the V.A., I used to say, We're going to take care -- these are our great people. They are, in many cases, in pretty rough shape. They'd have to wait for a doctor for three weeks, four weeks, for 16 days, for a week, sometimes for months. They go on to line with something that could be easily cured; three months later, they haven't seen a doctor and they're terminally ill. OK?
And I said, We have to help. And I didn't know too much about it. But I said, You know what makes sense to me? They wait for the doctors, they can't get in. You know what makes sense to me? Let them go out to a private doctor who's looking for business, and let the government pay. Right?
And I went to the so-called experts and they said, Yes, we've been trying to do that for years. I said, I see. So it's not like an odd idea. No, we've been trying, but we can't get it passed. We're very close to getting it fully passed. Choice. Choice.
We also did something else. That -- the V.A. -- our veterans -- we got the V.A. Accountability Act. Do you know what that is? Do you know what that is? Now, we all love the unions. We all love civil service. But the power that they have -- you couldn't get it.
For years and decades, they've tried to get accountability, so people wouldn't treat our vets badly. You had sadists. You had people that would -- would be terrible to our vets, and you couldn't fire them.
You had people that would steal, they'd rob. You'd catch them, you couldn't fire them. And I had what's called the V.A. Accountability Act. Nobody thought I could get it through -- nobody -- because of the unions. Hey, I understand -- and because of civil service, which is very powerful.
We got it through. I signed it a couple of months ago. Right? And now, when somebody steals or when some sicko hurts our great veterans, we look them in the eye and we say, Jim, you're fired. Get out of here. Get out.
And they're gone. They're gone. They're gone. V.A. Accountability Act -- I'm proud of that one. Nobody talks about it. By the way, these guys don't talk about it. They never talked about it.
They never talk. They don't even talk about it. Something good happened -- they don't want it. And it's mostly good, I will tell you. They don't want to talk about it. This month, just like I promised during the campaign, the United States officially opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem.
Good. That's good. Here's just a quick story. I really understand now why it was never approved by everybody that ran for office -- every president, both parties in running. They said, We're going to open the embassy in Jerusalem. We're going to recognize Jerusalem as the capital. We're opening the -- OK, this was their campaign, the politicians. This is their campaign over and over. Many, many presidents.
But not one -- because you're fired, yes. They got fired. I guess you're right. They're not here. But not one did it. And I thought that was terrible, because you see them campaigning -- it's one of their many points. But we're going to open the embassy in Jerusalem, over and over and over. Now it comes time -- one of them wins. They never do it, right? They never did it. And now I know why.
Because, two weeks out, when people sort of started to think that we're going to open up the embassy, I was called by every leader in the world. Don't do it. Don't do it. We don't want it. Don't do it. Don't -- and I understood. The pressure not to open it was tremendous, and we did it, and we did the right thing. We did the right thing.
And, after -- I'll tell you a little business story, fast one. But, after it was approved, I told the generals -- and John Bolton is here some place. Where's John Bolton? Great John Bolton. They think he's so nasty and so tough that I have to hold him back, OK? It's pretty great.
And he's doing a great job. You better get some rest, because we have pretty good negotiations coming up. He's here with his daughter, who lives, by the way, in Tennessee -- so happy.
So I say, I want to build it. We just got it approved. It was a big deal. I want to build it. And they said, Yes, sir. So I get this, you know, executive order -- this big, beautiful piece of paper. It must have cost, like, a fortune.
Like, even -- look, for my speech, I haven't used it yet, but (inaudible). So beautiful. Leather -- most expensive leather money can buy, you know. Thing probably cost $2,000. Look, it's got the seal. Remind me to take it when I leave. It's so beautiful.
But I have this executive -- and I'm getting ready to sign it. I signed Donald. I say, What is this, general? I'm signing so much stuff. What is this, general? Sir -- because they're -- I love these generals. They're much better fighters of wars, believe me, than they are negotiators for money. Sir, this is the new embassy in Israel. It's for your approval, sir. The cost will be $1 billion.
I said, Wait a minute. What? What? $1 billion. I said, $1 billion? How can it cost $1 billion? It's like a one-story building. Sir, we estimate the cost to be $1 billion. We're going out to buy land. We're going to do this.
Well, in the meantime, it won't open for 30 years, you know, they all say. So I called my head, my great diplomat, my representative, David Friedman, right? To Israel from the United States, our Ambassador, David. I said hey, David, David, I got a problem. I can't spend a billion dollars on building an embassy. I just can't -- not that the country can't. I just can't do it up here, you know, mentally. I can't do it.
It's like a one-story building. They want to go out and overpay for a piece of land that's in a bad location, like they did, by the way, in London before I got there. I said, David, I can't do it. Now, David was a great lawyer, great businessman, very successful, one of the most successful lawyers.
He said, Let me look into it. He calls me back two days later, says, Sir. What? Sir, we can build the embassy for $150,000. Now you got to understand. I said, What are you talking about, $150,000?
He said, We can build the embassy, sir, for $150,000. We have the best piece of land that we already own. We have a building on that piece of land. Its set back, it's a very big piece. Many acres. It's in the best location. And what I want to do, sir, is take the corner of that big, beautiful building and carve it up, and we can build an embassy for $150,000.
So you know what I told him? I got a little extravagant. I said, David, make it for $400,000. OK. So think of it. So we opened up -- and here's the other thing. And, sir, we can have the embassy built in about three months. That's incredible, as opposed to 20 years.
So here's the deal. $1 billion, land we don't own, will take forever to get it open. It'll never open. And then, in addition to all of the people who will try and stop you -- and that's a billion dollars as opposed to a better location for $400,000. I said, Spend more, please.
You know, sometimes something can cost so little, it's ridiculous, right? So we opened it. It is totally beautiful. The finest stones, the finest marbles, the best location.
It's open. It opened in four months after we started building. We had the dedication ceremony. But that's government. By the way, I could tell you a hundred stories like that. These stories are crazy.
So, instead of spending $1 billion and not having it for 20 years, we spent 400,000 bucks and it opened up in a few months. Is that good? Is that a good story?
And I think it probably is better. Somebody said, Well, it won't be. I said, Yes, I think the big difference -- it's probably better, OK? So that was the story.
But, in order to ensure the other big move -- the Iranian regime never obtains nuclear weapons. I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal three weeks ago. Instead of apologizing for America, which we always do, we are finally standing up for our great country.
And that's why, in November, we will reverse a trend. When you win the presidency, for some reason, you always end up losing the House, losing the -- it happens like 90 percent of time, makes absolutely no sense.
But I think what happens is you get complacent. You work -- all of you people in this room -- some of you are friends of mine, some of you I recognize. But you worked so hard in Tennessee. They're working hard all over the country. And you win.
And now you sit back and you relax. That's the worst thing that can happen because, all of a sudden, you have another election. And this election is a very important one. This is a really important election, so you have to get out. We need Marsha Blackburn to win.
And it's going to be a very special time. So we'll deliver all of our citizens -- we'll deliver all of our promises. Together, we will lift up our country. We'll lift up millions and millions of Americans from welfare to work, from dependence to independence and from poverty to prosperity. And that's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. Remember when I'd make a speech and I'd talk about African American -- and I'd say, Highest crime rate, bad education -- I go up like 10 points.
And they're always voting -- African Americans vote for Democrats for the most part. You know, vast majority. They've been doing it for over a hundred years. And I said, Highest crime, bad education, bad this, bad that. And what did I say? What the hell do you have to lose? And, now, we have numbers coming out that are so fantastic...  ... for Hispanic, for African American. Thank you. Right? Right?
And I fulfilled -- but we have just started. We have just started. Because we're going to build new airports. We've become like a third world country. You look at our airports.
You go to places like Saudi Arabia and other places, or China -- go to some of these countries, and you'll see things that you've never seen before. We used to be the leader. We're going to build new airports. We're going to build new highways.
We're going to build new dams. We're going to build infrastructure. We just had approved recently -- we just had approved -- we're fixing up all of our airports. Billions of dollars just got approved, and I'm signing shortly.
We will build new strengths into our country. We will breathe new hope into our communities. And we will do it all with these big, beautiful hands. Look at these hands. Because we've got more capability, we've got more grit, and we've got a thing called American pride, and nobody has it like us.
Loyal citizens like you, the people of Tennessee, helped build this country. And, together, we are taking back our country. We're returning the power back to our great American patriots.
This great state was forged through the sweat and courage of tough frontier men and strong frontier women who braved the elements and defied the dangers to carve out a home in the wilderness. Not easy.
Generations of proud patriotic Tennessee pioneers -- these are incredible people. Your relatives, who love their families, love their country, and love their God, made this beautiful state into their beloved home.
This is the state of country music, of Nashville legends we love -- we love those legends -- and of Memphis blues. It's the state of Andrew Jackson, a great president and a great general, by the way.
It's the state of David Crockett and Sergeant York. And, this November, this is the state where America's comeback will continue full speed ahead. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who have -- what we have done -- what we have done.
We have beaten empires. We have tamed continents. We've triumphed over the worst evils in history. We have triumphed over evil like nobody's ever seen before. Our ancestors -- they crossed the oceans. They blazed the trails. They climbed the mountains and created the modern world with their own two hands.
We're the nation that built the Empire State Building in less than one year and the Golden Gate Bridge and the incredible Panama Canal, which we gave away -- which we gave away -- we won two world wars. We defeated communism and fascism.
And we put a man on the face of the moon. And you see what's happening with NASA, see those rocket ships starting to go up again. A lot of jobs, a lot of great stuff happening with NASA.
As long as we are proud of who we are and what we are fighting for, we will never, ever fail -- never fail. I say it, and I say it all the time. We are so respected again. I can't even tell you the -- really, the degree to which people respect our country again. It's amazing. It's amazing.
With your help, with your voice and with your vote, we will win, win, win. We will achieve victory for our magnificent land, the land that we love, because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We will never give in.
We will never give up. And we will never stop fighting for our country, for our flag, and for our great, beautiful freedom. We are one people. We are one family and one glorious nation under God.
Without a question, without a doubt, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. God bless you. We love you. Thank you. God bless you everybody.
We're going to see what happens. We're talking to them now. It was a very nice statement they put out. We'll see what happens.
No, no. We'll see what happens. It could even be the 12th. We're talking to them now. They very much want to do it. We'd like to do it. We're gonna see what happens.
I don't know anything about it.
John, everybody plays games. You know that. You know that better than anybody.
I don't know. I'm not familiar with the case, but it's... it's really too bad. Really too bad.
She's doing great. Right there. She's doing great. She's looking at us right there.
All you have to do is look at the basics and you'll see. It looks like a very serious event. But we'll find out. When they look at the documents, I think people are going to see a lot of bad things happened. I hope it's not so, because if it is, there's never been anything like it in the history of our country. I hope -- I mean, if you look at Clapper, he sort of admitted that they had spies in the campaign, yesterday, inadvertently. But I hope it's not true. But it looks like it is.
I think James Comey has got a lot of problems. If you look at what at he did, if you look at all of the lies -- the tremendous lies -- if you look at all that's going on, I think James Comey has got a lot of problems.
Now, at some point they have an IG report, and then let's see what James Comey has to say. But I assume he's covered in the IG report. But if you look at what he said -- all of the lies, all of the fiction -- I think he's got a lot of problems.
Well, I dont want to get into yet, but I will tell you --
-- after we look at the proof -- would he know? I would certainly hope not. But I think it's going to be pretty obvious after a while. We're going now to talk about MS-13 with the great police officers. We're going out to Long Island. I dont know, are yo
No, no. No, no. We're not undercutting. We're cleaning everything up. This was a terrible situation. What we're doing is we're cleaning everything up. It's so important. What I'm doing is a service to this country. And I did a great service to this country by firing James Comey and --
Excuse me. A lot of people have said it. And you go into the FBI, and a lot of those great people working in the FBI, they will tell you, I did a great service to our country by firing James Comey.
I want them all to get together and I want them -- because everybody wants this solved. But a lot of bad things have happened. We now call it Spygate. You're calling it Spygate. A lot of bad things have happened. I want them all to get together. They'll sit in a room. Hopefully they'll be able to work it out among themselves.
I think your autoworkers and your auto companies in this country are going to be very happy with what's going to happen. You'll be seeing very soon what I'm talking about. NAFTA is very difficult. Mexico has been very difficult to deal with. Canada has been very difficult to deal with. They have been taking advantage of the United States for a long time. I am not happy with their requests.
But I will tell you, in the end, we win. We will win, and we'll win big. We'll get along with Mexico; we'll get along with Canada. But I will tell you, they have been very difficult to deal with. They're very spoiled -- because nobody has done this. But I will tell you that what they ask for is not fair. Our autoworkers are going to be extremely happy.
Well, we're going to see what happens. On Singapore, we're going to see. And it could happen. It could very well happen. But whatever it is, it is. We will know next week about Singapore. And if we go, I think it will be a great thing for North Korea.
Someday a date will happen. It could very well be June 12th. Someday a date will absolutely happen. It could very well be June 12th. We'll see. We'll know next week.
Well, they're going to all be in the room tomorrow. We're going to see what happens. What I want is I want total transparency.
Wait. You have to have transparency.
Even they probably want transparency, because this issue supersedes a party. This supersedes Republicans and Democrats. So what I want from Rod, from the FBI, from everybody -- we want transparency. And you know what? I think in their own way they are obstructionists, but even the Democrats, I really believe, on this issue -- it supersedes -- I think they want transparency too.
So, I want to thank your former governor and your current vice president. And he and Karen are doing an unbelievable job for our nation. Thank you, Mike.  You're making Indiana proud and we are all making America proud. We are rocking. We are rocking.  So, I'm thrilled to be here tonight with the incredible, hardworking patriots of the Hoosier state. Hoosier. 
And I don't know if you see what's going on outside, but you have a lot of people outside that want to get in but they're not getting in because this place is packed. This place is packed.  This is truly an exciting time for our country. Jobs are booming -- remember? I told you.
I told you.  Confidence is soaring and optimism is at the top of every chart. This is a great time for our country. A lot of things happening. Every day we are unlocking new opportunities for prosperity and for peace.
All of these changes are happening because America is being respected again. 
At 2 a.m., early this morning...  And by the way, I got back to the White House at 4:30 a.m. and somebody said, Oh, that's OK. You can cancel Indiana tonight.  And I said, You just don't know the people of Indiana.
I don't have the courage to cancel.  But at 2 o'clock in the morning I had the incredible honor of greeting three brave Americans who had been held in North Korea. And we welcomed them back home the proper way.  And on June 12th, in Singapore, I'll be meeting with Kim Jong-un to pursue a future of peace and security for the world -- for the whole world.  And the relationship is good. But you remember everybody in the fake news where they were saying, He's going to get us into a nuclear war.
He's going to get us into a nuclear war?  And you know what gets you into nuclear wars? And you know what gets you into other wars? Weakness. Weakness.  So the relationship is good. And hopefully, I mean, for all of us, for the world, hopefully, something very good is going to happen.
And they understand it's very important for them. It's important for everybody. So Japan, South Korea, China, everybody, I think it's going to be a very big success. But my attitude is and if it isn't, it isn't, OK? If it isn't.
It isn't. But -- and you have to have that, because you don't know. We're not going to be talked into an Iran deal where the negotiator, John Kerry, refused to leave the table.  What a deal. What a deal.
But here at home, the great news keeps rolling in: 3.3 million new jobs since election.  Now if during the election -- and by the way, how great is Coach Bobby Knight?  Oh, we love our coach. Remember he came in. He called me before I was running. I didn't know. They said, Bobby Knight's on the phone. I said, What does he want with me? I never announced.
I was thinking but I guess he read -- and he said, Mr. Trump I hope you're going to run. I said, Check and see whether or not this is Coach Knight. But actually when I heard that voice I knew it was Coach Knight. You can't duplicate that. And I took his number.
I said, Coach, I'm thinking about it. He said, You're going to -- you're going to win if you -- if you run -- and does he know about winning? And if you run, you're going to win. So anyway I put his number down and I was coming to this area. By that time we had a big lead but they said, Indiana. And a friend of mine said, If you could get Coach Knight, that would be a great thing. I said, You know, he called me like a year ago. Let me see if I can find his number. And on my left I had a pile of papers like this high, and I said, Let me see. I lifted up thousands of pages of junk; some actually pretty important. And I lifted it up and there's this little thing, Bobby Knight's cell phone number. Isn't that great?  And I go , and he picks up the phone and he said, I've been waiting for you to call. Can you believe that? And he came here and we sold out, I don't know what the hell that arena was but it was a big one.
And they went crazy. And Lou Holtz and Coach Cady...  Coach Cady, Lou Holtz, we had them all. Coach -- by the way not from this area but he's one of the greats of all time, Coach Belichick right? Great guy.
We got to love him. Oh, now we love him. We love him. He knows how to win also. But we had a lot of coaches; they like us.
They understand winning and they like us. And that's what we've been doing. And if we would have told you during the campaign that we would create 3.3 million jobs in the short time, everybody back there, the fake news media -- look at all of them.  They're fake news. Everybody back there would have said, Can you imagine he's saying we're going to create 3.3 million? Can you believe it? We would have been -- but you know what? We understand.
We understand. And -- and today -- today in the history of our country, just came out. Right? We have the most jobs available in the history of our country. Just came out. 
I like that.  We like that. We like that a lot. Because we have a truly great country and I've been promising those kind of numbers.
The unemployment rate is at the lowest level since the turn of the century.  African-American unemployment has reached the lowest level in the history of our country.  Remember I used to read stats, Hispanic, African-American stats. And I'd read -- and it said, high crime rate, lousy education, this, this, I'd read like six.
And one day in front of a massive crowd, 25,000 to 30,000 people, I said, Vote for me. What the hell do you have to lose? And you know what? They did. They did.  And my people all said, Oh, that was not nice. I said, It's true. Because the Democrats -- who are just obstructionists. That's all they can do. 
The Democrats have had a lock on the Hispanic vote and they've had a lock on the African-American vote. No longer. No longer.  So the Hispanic unemployment likewise is the lowest -- think of it, in the history -- in the history of our country. It's the lowest. So you have African-Americans, Hispanic, women, women, women. We love women. Women. 
The lowest unemployment rate in 18 years. I'm sorry we didn't make it in history but we're catching -- it will soon happen. I'm disappointed with that. Can you imagine? My most disappointing stat is women.
It's the lowest unemployment rate in 18 years because all of the others are history. But I have the feeling the women will soon be history too, because that's what's happening.  And all of the great momentum that we're having as a country on jobs, on safety, on security, on our military, it's all at stake in November. You know, I don't think we've ever done better as a country, certainly the economy and lots of other things.
Look at all of those beautiful red hats. Those beautiful red hats. Look at them.  Boy oh boy. And I like the white ones too.
Make America great again. Lifts those whites up there. But it can disappear quickly. You know, what we did was unprecedented in the history of our country, really in the history of the world, what we did with this election.
And the strides that we're making have never, ever been made like this before. But it can also disappear if you put fools and if you put the wrong people in. It can disappear. I mean, Nancy Pelosi said yesterday...  Nancy Pelosi said yesterday she wants to end the tax cuts and raise your taxes. I said, tell me. Is that like good politics? You know, it's not about politics but think of that from a political standpoint. I don't think her party was too happy. But you know what, that's her thought.
That's what they want to do. They want to raise your taxes, end your tax cuts. They want to have open borders where everyone flies into our country. That's not happening. 
So this week you nominated an incredible slate of Republican candidates, many of whom I know.  And you have to work every day between now and November to elect more Republicans so that we continue making America great again.  And by the way, this is a first for Indiana. Our new slogan for 2020, you know what it is? Keep America Great.  Keep America Great.  Because we're doing so well that in another two years when we start to heavy campaign, Make America Great Again wouldn't work out too well, right? It's going to be Keep America Great because that's exactly where we're headed. 
But don't tell anybody. I don't want anybody to know. We want to save that for a surprise. But I do like that.
And you know what I paid for that slogan. You know, a lot of these people, the politicians they run. They pay millions of dollars for ideas like that. How much did I pay for that? Zippo.
Zippo.  And I have great respect for the process. But in all fairness, Obama -- President Obama...  ... paid $1.8 billion for hostages.
Not me. You -- last night you saw it. And again, it's leading to some very big things. And I think that Kim Jong-un -- Kim Jong-un did a great service to himself, to his country by doing this.
But those hostages came out with respect, we didn't pay for them. We're going to set the table. We're going to make a great deal for the world, for North Korea, for South Korea, for Japan, for China.  So what he did was the right thing. But they came out for nothing and the others came out for $1.8 billion in cash.
Can you believe that? We're honored to be joined by a friend of mine and somebody who's done a really, really good job. Somebody that's respected very, very highly, Senator Todd Young. Todd. Where's Todd?   see? That's a great politician.
He doesn't even want a good location. He is of the people. Thank you Todd. We also welcome the largest vote winner in Indiana history, except for Trump, Attorney General Curtis Hill. Where's Curtis?  Good man.
He's done a great job. A woman who has been of tremendous help on the tax cuts, on getting rid of regulation, which maybe is just as important. Right, Jackie? What do you think? Jackie Walorski. Jackie. 
Done a great job. And some congressmen who have been incredible: Larry Bucshon. Where's Larry? Great job. Congressman Jim Banks.
By the way, somebody that just fought an incredible campaign. A really good guy, and I'm not sure I would have been here. You know, we're talking two days ago. Very effective, a terrific man, Congressman Todd Rokita. 
Thank you, Todd. Great job too. He fought tough. They all fought tough.
That was a tough race. But we have somebody here that won that race but we'll talk about him in a second. Let me also congratulate two of our new Republican nominees for Congress. First a proud Army veteran, who earned two Purple Hearts, Jim Baird.
Jim's going to really do well. Jim.  Great job. And second, a man that I know Mike has been rooting for, for a long time, I'll tell you.
Mike loves his brother, who won by a very big margin. I don't know: Was that a bigger margin than Mike Pence won by? I don't know, Mike. That was a big margin. Greg Pence.
Greg.  Finally a big congratulations for Indiana's new Republican nominee for the United States Senate, Mike Braun. That was a good race.  Get up here, Mike.  How about we let Mike for a second interrupt my speech? Is that OK? Come on, Mike.
Thank you, Mike. And we need Mike Braun in the Senate and that's going to happen. That's going to happen. He's an incredible guy and ran a really incredible race. Now if Joe Donnelly -- Sleeping Joe and the Democrats get back into power remember what I said: They will raise your taxes -- he wants to raise your taxes -- they will destroy your jobs and they are going to knock the hell out of your borders.
And that's already -- we have the worst immigration laws in the history of mankind. We're slowly getting them changed. We want to make it quick. So give me some reinforcements please. OK?  Last week, as an example, the deputy chair of the Democratic National Committee, Congressman Keith Ellison -- you know him?  ... marched in a parade wearing a t-shirt that read -- he's very proud of it -- I do not believe in borders.  But I have a lot of respect for Keith Ellison.
You know why? Does everyone know why? So when I announced on June 16th, he was being interviewed by George Stephanopoulos on ABC.  And in the interview -- this was a couple of days after I announced. And Keith Ellison said, You know he's going to win, don't you? Right, Mike? It's true. He said, You know he's going to win. And George and somebody else there I won't mention the name. Go ahead. They smiled a little bit, respectfully.
But Keith Ellison, he said, He's going to win, and essentially he was sort of indicating and there's nothing you're going to be able to do, and that's what we did. So, in one sense I have to respect him. He said, He's going to win. So you can never dislike a guy like that, can we? But they've got a big problem. A vote for a Democrat in November is a vote for those borders, and we have to do something stronger. We are going to build the wall. We are already starting the wall.  We're going to build the wall. You know, we've already started.
We got $1.6 billion. We're fixing a lot of it. We're -- in San Diego, so here's what -- here's a case study. San Diego wants the wall.
And I said to my people, Here's the bad news. If we give them the wall, we don't have an advocate. If we don't give them the wall they're going to be putting a lot of pressure on Governor Moonbeam in California, right? But you know what I did? Something I would normally not do, which means in life I'm getting nicer as I get older. I said, Let's build the wall for San Diego. So we're building them the wall. I shouldn't have done it.  Actually I, sort of, changed my mind after we started. I called my people, I said, How much would it cost to stop building the wall in San Diego so they go out and advocate for us because they're desperate for their wall. Because they don't like people running over their front yards and all of the problems, including by the way massive amounts of crime? I said, How much would it cost to stop -- I'm in the construction business it's what I do best.
They got back to me they said, Sir, it will cost approximately $7 million to stop. Now, that's not big numbers when you hear about the numbers we talk about, $7 million to stop and restart it at a later date. I said, I can't do that to the American people. Keep building the wall. Right?  So we're building the wall but we're -- we're getting it all done. We're going to get rid of catch and release. We're going to get rid of -- we're going to get rid of the lottery system. We're going to go eventually -- when I get the votes. I need Republicans. We're going to go eventually to a merit-based system of immigration. Merit.
You come in on merit.  Your senator, Joe Donnelly, voted against enhanced vetting. Think of that. What -- what in the world would anybody be doing voting against enhanced vetting? Why? And he opposed a measure to block illegal immigrants from getting welfare.
And now you have places where they want to give college tuition to illegal immigrants and your own kids can't get it. Your own kids can't get it.  Joe Donnelly voted no on tax cuts, no on better health care and he voted no on canceling job-killing regulations which maybe even more important than those incredible tax cuts. But he voted yes on something that we are systematically taking down.
We got rid of the individual mandate. We have great plans coming out. He voted yes for failed Obamacare. And we're doing everything to keep those premiums down but it's a failed experiment, Obamacare.
But wait until you see the plans we have coming out literally over the next four weeks. We have great health care plans coming out. But we got rid of the individual mandate.  Joe Donnelly will do whatever Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi tell him what to do. They don't ask -- they don't ask him.
They tell him. They don't say, Will you? They say, Joe, this is the way you're going to vote. Mike Braun will be a great, great representative of the people of Indiana. Mike Braun is a winner. Great businessman, by the way.
Very successful businessman. Mike Braun will fight for the values that bind us all together as Americans. We support law and order and we support the heroes in law enforcement. They're great. 
They're great. And they will tell you surplus military equipment, right? We have it by the hundreds of millions of dollars sitting in warehouses getting old. Some of the best stuff anywhere in the world and past administrations said, No, we can't give that to law enforcement. Someday somebody's going to explain why, but I sort of get it. But it's not a good reason.
It's about a 1 percent reason. We have a 99 percent. That equipment is being transferred all over the United States to our police and our law enforcement professionals.  And we already have it. The other side said, But it's too good.
It's too good. It's already paid for. We defend the 2nd Amendment. And don't kid yourself, it is under siege.  We defend the right to self-defense. Never believe that your 2nd Amendment is not under siege.
We believe that a strong nation must have strong borders. We have pride in our history and respect for our great American flag. 
And we put our large, beautiful hands on our hearts for the Pledge of Allegiance, right?  And we proudly stand -- all the time we stand because we love that sound. We stand for our national anthem at all times.  But if we're going to defend our values, we need people in Washington who share our values. Democrats like Sleeping Joe say one thing when they're in Elkhart and then they go to Washington and vote for the radical, liberal agenda.
It never, ever fails.  You know, there's about 12 of them. You think you have their vote and they talk a good game but they always raise their hand for the radical left of Nancy Pelosi. Always.
The Center for Effective Lawmaking named Joe Donnelly the least effective Democrat lawmaker in the United States Senate. I don't know, Mike, but I think that will be a very good phrase to run by. He's never sponsored a bill that has become a law. This November, Indiana will face an important choice: You can send a really incredible swamp person back to the Senate like Joe Donnelly or you can send us Republicans like Mike Braun to drain the swamp. 
Under my administration, we're fighting against the lobbyists, the special interests and the corrupt Washington politics. After years of rebuilding foreign countries, of which a lot of people partake in the cost of rebuilding those foreign countries, we are finally rebuilding our country.  We fight to build their borders, but we don't fight and spend no money to build our borders. Figure that one out.
We're fighting and we're finally putting America first.  And remember the last time I did this and this started two and a half years ago when I just started. People were not saying Merry Christmas anymore. The big store chains weren't saying Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. They weren't doing it.
They weren't saying Merry Christmas. Now they're saying Merry Christmas again.  To bring back our jobs we're cracking down on unfair trade. We want trade deals that are fair and, by the way, reciprocal.  And we love our farmers. We're taking care of our farmers. And we love our factory workers.
We love our workers.  For decades American presidents responded to foreign cheating on trade -- cheating. There's no other word for it, cheating -- they responded with silence. They didn't do anything.
They were silent. Silencio. Let's not rock the boat. Oh, that's fine. We have $100 billion trade deficit with Mexico. Think of it: $100 billion trade deficit a year with Mexico.
We have a trade deficit with almost every country in the world. We're changing that around rapidly.  We racked up trillions of dollars in trade deficits, also known as losses, while other countries stole our factories, stole our plants, stole our wealth and stole our jobs. But America's long silence is over and you see what's happening.
Car companies are coming back into the United States. They're moving back in. Chrysler just announced. Japan is building big ones.
We're expanding our plants. And I put tariffs on steel and I put tariffs on aluminum and United States steel just announced that they're expanding their factories, and they're building plants and we're going to start making steel and aluminum again.  America is respected again. Different ballgame.
Under my administration, we kept another important promise when we put a great new justice on the United States Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch.  And next week, after the promises of many administrations and presidents and they never did it -- they campaigned, they promised, they never did it -- next week we will finally open the American Embassy in Jerusalem.  And I put one of my friends as the ambassador to Israel, David Friedman. Good choice is right.
One of the great lawyers of our country. Made a lot of money as a lawyer. But he loves his job. He loves the United States but he loves Israel. And they walked up to my desk about three months ago, right after I did it.
Because they said, Let's go. We want to go. We want to build. We want to build fast. So they walked up to my desk and they give me this beautiful folder and I'm supposed to sign it. I said, What is this? And I'm half signed. They said, Sir, we're building an embassy in Jerusalem sir. I said, How much? Something other president's don't ask, but that's OK.
They said -- I kid you not, they said, Sir, $1 billion. I said, $1 billion. You know, what $1 billion is? You have a beautiful house it costs you about $50,000 right? The bill. Hopefully it's worth a lot more than that. But that's what it cost. So I said, $1 billion? Yes, sir. We're looking for a site now. We're going to spend a lot of money on the site. Everyone's going to get rich from the embassy. So I called David -- I stopped signing by the way.
I had Donald. D-O-N-A-L-D and then it was like dead. Call. And then I don't know if they still have it, beautiful paper very official looking.
And then all of a sudden I stopped, never got to the T and I started putting Xs because I was afraid that somebody could say it was my signature. And I call up our ambassador and I say, David, this is crazy. I said we're going to build our embassy in Jerusalem but they want $1 billion. They're going to look for sites.
Don't we have a site? He said, Yes. We have the best site. We already own it. And we have a building on the site.
And I can take that building that's on the site, Mr. President, and I can take a corner of that building, a big beautiful corner and for $150,000 I can fix it. It will be so beautiful. The location's better.
It's set back, which is good for safety.  And I can build it for $150,000. Think of it.  Think of it.  I said, David, so you're going to renovate a corner of a building that's going to be -- he said it's going to be beautiful. The site is the best site and we own it.
The building is already built and we can fix it. So think of it: We have government wanting to build $1 billion in a site that would never be as good or as safe. This is a big site, big setbacks. They want setbacks for safety; makes sense.
So I said, David, you can do that from $1 billion to $150,000. You know what? Spend $200,000 or $300,000 that's OK too. Now think of it. And the reason I was very cognizant because I was supposed to cut the ribbon of the embassy in London. You know all that story.
So we have the best piece of property of all of London. It's our embassy. And someone between the Bush administration and the Obama administration -- Obama -- they say Bush started it but Obama could have stopped it. But let's say the two administrations what they did is they said, Wow.
This is a great piece of property. We've been offered a lot of money, like $200 million or $250 million. And what we'll do -- because we're such great businessman, what we're going to do is we're going to sell this best piece of property in London by far. By the way, literally it's the -- if you know New York, 5th Avenue and 57th Street. I happen to have a building there so you know -- but that is the best one. The Tiffany location.
It's the Tiffany location. It's the best location, and it's a big location, and it's the best embassy location we have in the whole portfolio. But somebody said, What a great deal. We're going to sell that for, I think, $250 million. So let's say -- to a wealthy person and they're going to rip it down. They're going to build a hotel or do something. And we sold this thing for $250 million.
Now everybody in this room, because you're from Indiana, you understand life. You would say, OK, good. Now you're going to build a new one for $50 million. You're going to have $200 million left over.
You're going to have a nice embassy. You're going -- that's -- OK but it didn't work that way in government. So they sold the embassy for like around $250 million. They then went out and bought a terrible piece of land in a lousy location.
And they just opened a new embassy in a bad location for $1.2 billion. What a great deal. What a great deal. So, three months ago I was supposed to go over to cut the ribbon on the new embassy, but I couldn't do it. I'm not doing it. I won't do it. Does that make sense? I'm not going to do it.
So I didn't.  Think of that story. Isn't that a sad story? So much, I could give you 50 of those stories. It's all the same. It's all the same. I could give you so many, but just remember when you see that embassy -- oh here's the other thing with the embassy. The new embassy, I said, When is it going to be open? They said, Anywhere from five to 10 years. So I said, Unless they give me an extension for the presidency...  Which I don't think the fake news media would be too happy about.  Wait. Wait.
Wait. Wait. Actually they would be happy. Because when I'm not here, their ratings are going to sink.
So they'll probably be very happy.  So they said, From five to 10 years. Now you know when they say, From five to 10 years that means probably 15 or 20 years, right? So we open the embassy next week. Three months. Three months. 
Oh, I could tell you so many of those stories but I won't. I won't tell you any more. We have to save some. We only have about a thousand left. Among the many grave national security blunders of the previous administration, one of the world's worst was the disastrous Iran nuclear deal, a deal that would allow Iran to go right to the brink of nuclear weapons and ultimately very quickly have a nuclear weapon.
And by the way, other countries in the Middle East who do have money all of a sudden would be looking all over the place for nuclear weapons. That was going to force a disaster. The deal also gave the regime billions of dollars. How about this? $150 billion and $1.8 billion in green -- $1.8 billion in cash, which would be used to spread bedlam and death and destruction all over the Middle East.
They're all over the Middle East. And with all of that being said, who knows, because we're putting the harshest, strongest, most stringent sanctions on Iran.  And I hope to be able to make a deal with them: a good deal, a fair deal, a good deal for them, better for them, better for them. But we cannot allow them to have nuclear weapons.
We must be able to go to a site and check that site. We have to be able to go into their military bases to see whether or not they're cheating. Now, of course, we're all sure they're not cheating, but just in case. The Iran deal was one of the most embarrassing agreements the United States has ever entered into.
You remember the 10 sailors who were humiliated in front of the world for no reason whatsoever. But once again, Democrat Joe Donnelly served his liberal handlers in Washington, not the great people of Indiana that I know so well. He voted to save the deal four times.  But we save the deal no longer.  As we discuss another critical element of our national security to me, probably one of the reasons we're all here in this great victory celebration, is border security. We have many things to do, but we have already begun the construction of the wall and so many other things are following. We will have those borders extremely strong, extremely powerful, and we will have laws that match the border.  So if you think about it, the Democrats, they're weak on borders, weak on our military. We have -- and the last deal, we had to do it. Our military was depleted.
When did we need military more than we need great military right now? We got $700 billion to rebuild our military. It will be stronger than ever before.  So the Democrats, they fight against the borders. They fight to raise your taxes.
They want to raise your taxes. They fight for all of the things that we don't stand for. And we're going to have a great victory in '18. You watch.
We're going to have a great victory.  History shows that when you win the presidency, two years later the party, for whatever reason -- like 90 percent of the time, the party that wins the presidency lose it out -- it loses on the mid-terms. And the reason is, I guess they get a little bit complacent. We're not getting complacent. We can't.  If we elect more Republicans we can truly deliver for all of our citizens. We're going to keep the promises anyway, whether we do or whether we don't. I'm going to keep that. We have delivered -- and it was said by one of these gentlemen. We have delivered -- one of the only times ever -- more than we promised. I have delivered more than I promised, if you think about it.  We will lift millions of Americans from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. We will put new steel into the spine of our country. And by the way, it will now be American-made steel. 
And we will breathe new hope into our communities. We will do it all with American hands, American grit and American pride. Loyal citizens like you help to build this country, and together we are taking back our great and beautiful country, returning power to everyday American people -- these are the greatest of all people.  In every action, with every decision, we will stand up for America and we will stand up for the great state of Indiana.  This is the state where generations of American patriots and pioneers plowed the fields, carved the wilderness and worked the factories of the great American Midwest. No place like it.  It's the state that gave us Notre Dame football, Hoosier basketball...  ... and the legendary Indy 500.
With your help this November, Indiana will inspire our country again. No dream is beyond our reach. Our ancestors braved the oceans, they tamed the frontiers, put down the railroads -- those beautiful railroads -- built up the highways and dug out the great Panama Canal. We are the nation that won two world wars.  And we are the nation that defeated communism and fascists, and landed a man on the face of the Moon.  And always remember: We have picked up in wealth trillions and trillions of dollars for our country since our election -- not my election, our election.  And our economy -- people forget -- our economy -- our economy is almost twice the size of any other economy of any other nation in the world. Remember that.
People forget.  People forget. People forget. We're not going to let them forget. As long as we are proud of who we are and what we are fighting for, we will never ever fail. With your help, your voice and with your vote we will win. 
We will achieve victory for our country, victory for our children, and victory for this magnificent land that we all love, because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue.  We will never give in. We will never, ever give up. And we will never stop fighting for our country, our freedom and our flag. 
We are one people. We are one family. And we are one nation under God.  And together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Indiana. We love you. Thank you. God bless you. Thank you. 
I want to just tell you something. General Kelly is doing a fantastic job. There has been such false reporting about our relationship. We have a great relationship. He's doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be more happy. So I just want to tell you that.
The New York Times has falsely reported. They've said things that are absolutely false. So I just want to tell you that. And, General, you may have something --
I'm not changing any stories. All I'm telling you is that this country is right now running so smooth. And to be bringing up that kind of crap, and to be bringing up witch hunts all the time -- that's all you want to talk about. You're going to see --
No, but you have to -- excuse me. You take a look at what I said. You go back and take a look. You'll see what I said.
Excuse me, you go take a look at what we said. But this is a witch hunt like nobody has ever seen before. And what they should do is look at the other side, where terribly bad things have happened, where terribly bad things have been done.
But what I do want you to do is look at our economy. Today, we broke 4 percent; 3.9 percent we hit today for the first time in many, many years. We're really proud of it, and we'll talk to you folks later.
But I will tell you -- I will tell you this, I will tell you this: When Rudy made the statement -- Rudy is great -- but Rudy had just started, and he wasn't totally familiar with every -- you know, with everything. And Rudy -- we love Rudy, he's a special guy. What he really understands is that this is a witch hunt. He understands that probably better than anybody.
Excuse me, excuse me. But Rudy -- Rudy understands this better than anybody. But when he made a certain statement -- he just started yesterday. So that's it.
So bottom line is -- bottom line is: I want to talk to the people in charge, if they can prove that it's a fair situation. The problem we have is that you have 13 people -- they're are all Democrats, and they're real Democrats; they're angry Democrats. And that's not a fair situation. Thank you very much.
We have a chance of bringing -- we have a chance -- we're doing very well with the hostages. We're in constant contact with the leadership. We are in constant contact with North Korea. We've actually worked out a time and a place which will be announced shortly and very soon.
I figured you would ask that question.
Not really. Not at this moment, certainly not.
No. No. And we haven't been asked to. Now, I have to tell you, at some point into the future, I would like to save the money. You know, we have 32,000 troops there. But I think a lot of great things will happen. But troops are not on the table. Absolutely.
I tell you what -- Rudy is a great guy, but he just started a day ago. But he really has his heart into it. He's working hard. He's learning the subject matter. And he's going to be issuing a statement too. But he is a great guy. He knows it's a witch hunt. That's what he knows. He's seen a lot of them. And he said he's never seen anything so horrible.
As an example, 33,000 emails requested by Congress with a subpoena, and they get burned, they get deleted. And nobody says anything. Give me a break.
So Rudy knows it's a witch hunt. He started yesterday. He'll get his facts straight. He's a great guy. But what he does is he feels it's a very bad thing for our country, and he happens to be right.
Well, you're going to find out, because we're going to give a full list. And people know. And virtually everything said has been said incorrectly, and it's been said wrong, or it's been covered wrong by the press -- just like NBC and ABC yesterday covered the story wrong. But you'll be finding out. It's very -- it's actually --
Wait a minute. It's actually very simple. It's actually very simple. But there has been a lot of misinformation, really. People wanting to say -- and I say, you know what, learn before you speak. It's a lot easier.
We're having very substantive talks with North Korea. And a lot of things have already happened with respect to the hostages. And I think you're going to see very good things. As I said yesterday, stayed tuned. I think you're going to be seeing very, very good things.
And also, the trip is being scheduled. We now have a date and we have a location. We'll be announcing it soon.
Well, the problem with sitting is this: You have a group of investigators, and they say that I am not a target. And I'm not a target. But you have a group of investigators that are all Democrats
 In some cases, they went to the Hillary Clinton celebration that turned out to be a funeral. So you have all these investigators; they're Democrats. In all fairness, Bob Mueller worked for Obama for eight years.
If you look at the statements that were made, if you take a look, as an example, at the Rod Rosenstein letter to me, prior to the firing of James Comey, just read it; put it in the air. Your viewers dont know about it. Put that letter on the air. It very much speaks very loudly, and that's just one thing.
So I would say this: If I could be -- I would love to speak. I would love to. Nobody wants to speak more than me -- in fact, against my lawyers, because most lawyers, they never speak on anything. I would love to speak, because we've done nothing wrong. There was no collusion with the Russians. There was nothing. There was no obstruction.
You know, very funny -- if you fight back, because you people say something wrong, or they say something wrong, or they leak, which they've been doing; if you fight back, they say, oh, that's obstruction of justice. If somebody says something wrong, and you fight back, they say that's obstruction of justice. It's nonsense. So let me just --
Wait, wait. Let me just tell you. So I would love to speak. I would love to go. Nothing I want to do more, because we did nothing wrong. We ran a great campaign. We won easily. We won that easily: 306 to -- I think, it was 223. We won it easily. That was a great victory. That was a great day for this country.
We just had new jobs numbers out. You saw we broke 4 -- 3.9 percent. I would love to go. I would love to speak. But I have to find that we're going to be fairly.
Wait, wait. I have to find that we're going to be treated fairly, because everybody sees it now, and it is a pure witch hunt. Right now, it's a pure witch hunt.
Why dont we have Republicans looking also? Why arent we having Republican people doing what all these Democrats are doing? It is a very unfair thing. If I thought it was fair, I would override my lawyer.
I thought the jobs report was very good. The big thing to me was cracking four. That hasnt been done in a long time; you'll tell me how long. But it hasnt been done in a long time. We'll full employment. We're doing great. The stock market is doing -- I guess it's up 35 percent since the election.
And now I think, really, they're waiting to see what's going to happen on trade, because we're going to have some incredible trade deals announced. My people are coming back right now from China, and we will be doing something, one way or the other, with respect to what's happening in China.
And let me say this: I have great respect for President Xi. That's why we're being so nice. And we have a great relationship. But we have to bring fairness into trade between the U.S. and China. And we'll do it.
I think it's a good thing happening with North Korea. I think a lot of good things are going to be happening over the next short period of time. But I'll see you over there. It's going to be very exciting.
I'd love to. Maybe only you. (Laughter.) I may only give it to you.
It will be very soon. I have the date. I have the location. It's all agreed to.
I will give it very soon. We'll see you at the -- I'm sure you're thrilled about the NRA, right?
He's thrilled about the NRA. You like the NRA, right?
Yeah, I do. I'm going to be giving it in a little while. But this is a great organization that loves this country. The NRA is a truly great organization that loves this country. And we have a record crowd. You probably heard, the people are lined for a long distance. But we'll see you over there. We'll do another one, okay?
 Thank you very much. Hello, Michigan. Hello, Michigan. I love this state and I love the people of this state, and thank you for being here. Thank you. Thank you. You know you may have heard, I was invited to another event tonight, The White House Correspondents Dinner , but I'd much rather be in Washington, Michigan than in Washington DC right now, that I could tell you.
Great people. Thank you for that incredible support and by the way you want to see a lot of people go outside. We could have filled this place up, probably five or six times, you see what's going on. Thank you. This is a beautiful building, but I said: couldn't you have gotten one larger? That would be nice right, but you know the expression you're inside, so you made it good, realistic. Good job tonight.
We're especially honored to be joined by your really great friend of mine and a great Attorney General, the next governor of Michigan Bill Schuette, where's Bill? Well all right Bill, wherever the hell he is, right? Bill Schuette. We also welcome members of Congress, Paul Mitchell, Jack Burkman and John Mullen are... Where are they? Thank you fellas. These are great people, and I want to thank Chris McAnally and the Total Sports Park team for hosting us tonight.
Thank you. I wish you could have given us a larger arena, but what are you gonna do right? Thank you, fellas. Finally, we have to thank a very special person in all of our lives because he got Melania. This, that's true because our amazing chairwoman, the Republican National Committee Ronna McDaniel, she's done some job and if you remember, she ran the state of Michigan and who won the state of Michigan after decades.
I remember that night. You know, but a long time since the Republicans won Michigan and they said Donald Trump has won this state of Michigan remember and we won a lot of other states also. That was some night. So I want to thank Rana for the great job that she really has done.
She's done it right from the literally right from the beginning. In fact, what we needed somebody over at the RNC, I said get that woman that ran Michigan. We need to elect more Republicans, so we can protect our cities, defend our borders, grow our economy and continue to make America great again and that's what we're doing we're doing we're doing some job we're all doing it together, but you see what's happening with regulations with Massive tax cuts with the judges we're pointing we're. Appointing judges like I guess never before has anything happened like what we're doing on great conservative Republican judges we're setting records and by the time we finish, I think we will have the all-time record.
You have no idea how important it and then, of course, we have Justice Gorsuch who's been fantastic, he has been fantastic. Everyone here tonight is united by the same timeless American values. We defend our Constitution, we support the rule of law and we support the heroes of law enforcement.
We are pride in our history and respect for our great American flag. We defend our flag and we honor our flag and if others honored our flag, there'd be a lot better off. Wouldn't they wouldn't it. We put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of allegiance, and we do that proudly and we stand for the national anthem.
We believe that a strong nation must have strong borders. Are you watching that mess that's going on right now with the caravan coming up? Are you watching this and our laws are so weak, they're, so pathetic, given to us by Democrats, they're so pathetic, Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer and let me tell you, we've gotten Mexico to work with us on stopping a lot of what's pouring in, but we have the Worst laws anywhere in the world, we don't have borders, we're gonna build the wall, we're getting it. We've already started. I don't know if you see you know it's funny, so San Diego they're being just overrun great place, but they're being overrun by people pouring so they're begging us for a wall.
So we have the money, it's all funded in San Diego and those people really want it, and I said, let's not do it there. Let's let them put pressure on Governor Jerry Brown, Moonbeam, Moonbeam, so we started the wall and it's being built in San Diego beautiful job. They did a great job and they said you know we stopped that war. All the people in San Diego are gonna put a lot of pressure, and I said well, let's see about that.
So I said: how much would it cost to stop the wall, sir, it will cost seven million in extras. I can't pay the extra, as I hate extras right, so we're building the wall, but San Diego San Diego, wants the wall. That's going up and honestly seriously, they would have put a lot of pressure in California. If you look at what's going on with sanctuary cities.
Now, all over California, especially California, the home of sanctuary cities, the home of sanctuary cities. But do you see what's going on where areas big areas? They don't want sanctuary cities, they want to be safe, they don't want them. So we've started. We have $1.6 billion and this last budget just so you understand we had to fund our military folks, we got, we got seven, our military was depleted and it was in trouble and now we're honoring brand new airplanes, world and brand new everything we got. Seven hundred billion dollars approved and next year we got seven hundred and sixteen billion dollars approved for our military.
We had to do it and General Mad Dog Mattis would not be happy. I said to him yesterday I said General: do you think we really needed this? Much we needed it, sir. We need it, we really did. We needed it. So, by doing that, the Democrats don't care about our military, they don't they don't care and they don't care about our borders and I don't think they care much about crime, because if you look at it MS-13 they pour through everybody pours through and they wanted.
They wanted and by the way we are getting rid of MS-13 in record numbers, okay record, the liberal politicians who support criminal aliens and they support them over far over American citizens. Nancy Pelosi and her gang they've got to be voted out of office. They've got to be voted out of office and you have a senator in mission. Senator Debbie Stabenow . She voted against Kate's Law. She voted against tax cuts, she votes against borders, she wants people to flow into the country and you people just keep putting her back again and again and again, it's your fault, so you got to get to the pole and we have some great people running the Primer is going to be over with soon, but we have some great people and honestly, if you want the borders to be secure, if you want to keep those big tack, how have you done with the tax cuts by the way and not only the tax cuts? The jobs that have been created, the jobs, unemployment, let me tell you our country - is doing great.
You know the stock market, which is not really the all-time indicator, because the country is actually doing much better than the stock market, but the stock market is up almost 35 percent since the election, but the country's doing actually even bother. You know what bothers the stockmarket. I would have been up 60%, but I have to do things. You know what I have to do. I can't let other countries take advantage of us. Okay, I can't so we're doing trade deals and a lot of these folks in Washington.
Please don't do that. I said: wait a minute: we have a horrible deal on this one on that one I won't even mention. I love you too , so we have to renegotiate these deals. If you look at China last year with China and look he's been of great help, President Xi he's a friend of mine, but he likes China.
I, like the USA, but he's a friend of mine, but you know what he's been a great help on the border with North Korea and a lot of good things are happening war, a lot of good thing, I'm not gonna give you what's going to actually Happen: cuz, we don't really know, but I'll tell you one thing: we're not playing games, and I remember you know it was very rough three, four months ago. That's very nice! Thank you. That's where Nobel I just want to get the job done. So if we would have, if we would have said where we are today from three or four months ago, remember they were saying he's going to get us into nuclear war. They said no, no, no, no strength is going to keep us out of nuclear war, not gonna get us right, so we're doing very well.
I spoke to the president this morning of South Korea for a long time. They just had a very good meeting. He gives us tremendous credit. He gives us all the credit I mean he as president moon of South Korea.
You know it started with the Olympics because, frankly, the Olympics was not going to have a lot of people and all of a sudden North Korea called in and said you know, we'd love to participate in the Olympics. Everyone said, excuse me, that's it, but that was a good thing. It was a great thing and they went from having a real potential disaster. You know they worked on it for 15 years to make it great and they did a great job. South Korea did a great job, but they didn't have people who's gonna go all of a sudden.
They had a tremendous Olympics very, very successful and we are doing things that are good. I think we'll have a meeting over the next three or four weeks. They're going to be a very important meeting, the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula of North Korea and but we'll see how it goes and again, whatever happens happens, look I'm going. It may not work out. I leave I'm not going to be a John Kerry who makes that horrible Aranda horrible one of the worst deals.
I mean, how do you make a deal like that? A hundred and fifty billion dollars 1.8 billion dollars in cash? You know what that is, and you know what they got. They got nothing. They got nothing so we're gonna have hopefully a very successful negotiation over the next three or four weeks and we'll be doing the world a big favor, we'll be doing the world. A big favor, let's see how it goes, I think we'll do fine, I think we're gonna do just I had one of the fake news groups this morning, . Now they were saying what do you think President Trump had to do with it? I'll tell you what like, how about everything,  and even president moon, says that and he's been great and I'll. Tell you why it's gonna be an interesting period of time.
We had a very interesting thing happen. Over the last few days, senator Jon Tester of a really great place, Montana, who voted by the way in favor of sanctuary cities, who's weakened the border didn't vote for tax cuts. He took a gentleman who is a truly high-quality human being and what they said about him. What they said about this great American doctor, Ronny Jackson, an admiral in the Navy.
He served three presidents. President Obama said he was fantastic. President Bush said he was fantastic. I say he's fed this is a high quality individual like they would love in Montana and tester started, throwing out things that he's heard well, I know things about tester that I could say to and if I said him, he'd never be elected again and it was Said because I watched dr. Jackson, Admiral Admiral Jeff, both a doctor and an admiral high-quality, but I watched him and I suggested it because we're taking care of our vets.
You know we've done a great job with our vets. We have accountability, approach, we're getting choice approved and I pulled it because I didn't like the choice. The choice wasn't good enough what they were going to. I could had it already.
We could have had it in the last budget, but it wasn't good enough we're getting choice, which is a big deal. That's going to be game-changing and by the way I have five great people that want to run the VA. We have great people but I'll tell you what Jon Tester did this man is a disgrace. Admiral Jackson started setting and he was working so hard.
I suggested it to him. You know he war hero a leader. A great you know, he's a Admiral, a great great guy, 50 years old and he started studying, and then he started getting hit with vicious rumors vicious and the Secret Service told me just coming. In sir, we checked out all of those things, sir they're, not true.
They're not true, so they try and destroy a man. Well, they're doing it with us they're trying their damnedest, but that but a little. I want to thank by the way the House Intelligence Committee. Okay, they do it with us to Russian collusion.
You know I guarantee you I'm tougher on Russia. Nobody ever thought in fact. Do you have you heard about the lawyer for a year a woman lawyer? She was like, oh, I know nothing. No, no! Now, all of a sudden, she supposedly is involved with government.
You know why, if she did that, because Putin and the group said you know this Trump is killing us. Why don't you say that you're involved with government so that we can go and make their life in the United States even more chaotic? Look at what's happened? Look at how these politicians have fallen for this junk Russian collusion. Give me a break I'll. Tell you the only collusion.
Is the Democrats colluded with the Russians and the Democrats colluded with lots of other people, take a look at the intelligence agencies and what about hate and what about combing? You watch them on. The interviews are what about Gumbel? What about Comey? How about that so combing? How about this guy coming? He said the other night, the fake dirty dossier. He said the other night on Fox. He said very strongly.
No, I didn't know that it was paid for by the Democrats and Hillary Clinton how about that. They start something based on a document that was paid for by the DNC and Hillary Clinton. Honestly, folks, let me tell you, let me tell you it's a disgrace. We got to get back down to business, it's a disgrace what's going on in our country, and they did that they did that to admiral jackson.
They are doing it to a lot of people. Innuendo. You know in the old days when the newspapers used to write they put names down today they say sources have said that President Trump sources they never say who the sources they don't have sources. The sources don't exist.
In many cases they don't have sources and the sources in many cases don't exist. These are very dishonest people, many of them they are very, very dishonest people, fake dues buried this on . But you watch go me and you watch the way he lies and then he's got the memos. I wonder when he wrote the memos right, then he's got the memos and he puts them up watch the way he lies.
It's the most incredible thing. Do you remember? Jon Lovitz, do you remember the liar? Well, Combes, worse commies, a liar and a leaker, you know, but you know I did you a great favor when I fired this guy. I tell you, I did you a great favor, because when you look at what was going on at the top of the FBI, it is a disgrace that everybody in this room understands it. The lovers, the two lovers right: Lisa Lisa and struck Lisa and Peter the two lovers: what they said.
What was going on look at how many of those top officials were fired or removed, and they should be out of here, and what about the guy that took $ 700,000 for his wife's campaign? Nobody even talks about it. Nobody even talks about it. I'll tell you what I've been talking about it for a long time and if our Justice Department was doing the right thing, they'd be a lot tougher right now on those people, because there's tremendous crime and corruption. On the other side we need to drain the swamp.
We need to vote against guys like John tester, that can destroy a man with innuendo and we have to be very careful with the press because they do the same. Damn thing we love our country. We believe our citizens deserve a government that is loyal to them. In return for too long, the loyalty of Michigan workers was repaid with pure and simple betrayal.
You were betrayed for decades. You were dealt one devastating blow after another disastrous trade deals which I'm straightening out and I'm not saying hey. There may be a little pain for a little while, but ultimately for my farmers, I love my farmers. They're great Patriots.
Don't forget, the farmers have been doing lousy for 15 years. Ok, let's face it. If you look at a graph, it's been like this. So when I say I'm negotiating NAFTA and if they don't make a fair deal, I'm terminating Neffs that I'll make a great deal.
You're gonna do much better or when we take on China or the European Union, which has tremendous blocks. It's very hard for us to sell stuff into the European Union. It was put there to take advantage of the United States okay. So when we do not anymore you're right, not anymore, we told them that yesterday actually said the same words not anymore.
Those days are over, but we've got to open up these markets. It's not fair, don't forget with China and President Xi when he was at mar-a-lago six months ago. I said to him: would you do me a favor? Would you take our cattle because you remember in 2000 they ended, they wouldn't take our cattle for whatever reason, but they didn't take cattle after a short discussion. He said I will sow the cattle is now going to China, but and plenty of other things, and he said last week at a speech.
He is going to start opening up China, but it's not enough. It's not enough when we lose 500 billion dollars a year and that's in a trade deficit. When we lose hundreds of billions of dollars in intellectual property theft, not only China but others, we have to stop it. We can't allow this to happen so in a certain way, I call people Patriots because it's short term, you may have to take some problems.
Long term you're gonna be so happy, you're gonna be so happy we're gonna get it opened up or we're not doing business with these other countries right with with the European Union last year. You know it sounds so nice, the European Union. You know why I mean they literally did like I said they formed to take advantage of the United States and I don't blame them. You know what I don't blame them.
I don't blame President Xi, I don't blame Prime Minister Abbey of Japan. I don't blame the heads of these countries for taking advantage of us. I blame past presidents and past leaders of our country. I was in China and I was making a speech and I was saying how bad it is, how unfairly we're treated and I'm in front of thousands of people from China, and I could see the mood was getting dark and I have President Xi over here and I realized I was going point after point, how bad it is for us how good it is for them.
They became a major power since the World Trade Organization, which is a horror show for us horrible, and I looked and I looked at President Xi and he's the boss he's the guy. I said, but it's not your fault, it's not your fault. It's the fault of the representatives of the United States, who allowed you to get away with it. I don't blame you right, I don't blame you and it went out and that's the way I feel about.
I told Abby the other day, Prime Minister great guy. They send us millions of cars, we send them wheat and they don't take it. The reason wanted. We send them cattle, you know what they do, that you're just 50% 50% when we send them cattle, 35% or in farm products, but they don't take.
Many because their farmers don't want it so they're not taking your product, but when they send their cars over, we charge them almost nothing. Let me give you a great example: it's so simple China, so when they send a car into the United States of which they send many, including parts and you people know something about the car industry, because I'm bringing it back to the state of Michigan right. So so I'm bringing it back and you know with Chrysler's, moving back to Michigan from Mexico, we saw that some of you are beneficiaries of that one, thousands of jobs. We have many many car companies, you see. What's going on Toyota, many companies are opening up in Michigan, the cars are coming back to Michigan, two plants are coming back, they're being expanded, and by the way do you remember about six years ago I wasn't even running and they gave me an award.
The Republican of the year - I guess they probably maybe they knew what was gonna happen. I don't know I wasn't running long time ago and I made a speech in Michigan thanking them for the award saying how horrible? How did you let this happen where all of these plants closed move to Mexico? They build the cars in Mexico, they sell them across the border, no tax, we lose the jobs, we lose the taxes, we lose everything. How did anybody let this happening? Guess what not happening anymore? Folks - it's not happening so now, they're moving back now, they're moving back. But let me give you an example.
So China, great people by the way, great people, great country, great leader, but when they sell a car into the United States, they pay two-and-a-half percent tax. When we sell a car into China number one, they don't want it because they have barriers, so they won't take it. But if they took it it's a 25 percent tax, okay, so think of it so think of it. So they have a tax. That's ten times higher.
Now what they say is we don't want your cars, we have a barrier, but if we take them it's twenty five percent, so we're two-and-a-half twenty five. So far it doesn't sound good, but what's really bad is they say we won't take your cars. We want you to build your factories in China and make the cars there. Okay, all right, but you know what.
Why are they wrong because now we're doing that? Also? Okay, build your factories here. If you want to sell cars in the United States, let them build them in Michigan, right, Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania. You see what's happening, you see, what's happened, we're really coming back and by the way ahead of schedule. You know I've. Only been here for 15 months, we have a lot of things happening.
There has been - and I don't say this - hopefully in a braggadocious - I say this a fact: there has been even some of these people back. There agree with this one, although they try like hell, wait they try, but nobody in the first year of office has done what we've done is not me. It's we we, the first year regulations tax, cuts, judges, you look at what we've done nobody's done, what we've done, and in fact you know, Justin coming over your great congressmen are in the back of the car. Do you know what the Soo Locks are sue locks? Well, the Soo Locks are going to hell.
You know that right and we're going to get them fixed up, we're gonna get them and for the farmers. Okay, it's gonna get good and we're gonna. Let your guest workers come in because we're gonna have strong borders, but we have to have your workers come in. You know the unemployment picture is so good.
It's so strong that we have to let people come in they're gonna be guesswork, is they're gonna come in they're gonna work on your farms. We're gonna have the h2 bees come in. We're gonna have a lot of things happening, but then they have to go out. Then they have to go out, but we'll get a lot of men because you need them.
You need them in Wisconsin. I was very instrumental in getting Foxconn to come here. Friend of mine, great guy fantastic, they make a lot of the Apple iPhones and a lot of they make almost all of it. I mean they are an incredible, really: an incredible company, they're, building a fantastic plant and it's under construction now and they're going out and they're recruiting and they're getting people and they're doing it professionally.
But we need people to be able to come into our country. Do your jobs help you on the farms and then they go out. They get a leaf guest workers. We're gonna take care of that guess, workers! Don't we agree, we have to have them.
We have to have it after years of rebuilding other countries, we're finally going to rebuild our country. Okay, it's about time, , think of it think of it. I've been saying it, but the number goes up and up and up remember this: we have spent seven trillion with the teeth trillion dollars in the Middle East. You know we have for it nothing, nothing! Nothing.
Now we've really wiped out Isis there's no military like we have, and now I've asked some of the richest countries in the world. Sorry folks, you got to pay for this. You know we're tired. We don't want to pay and we'll work with them and we'll stop the trip to the Mediterranean for the enemies.
We'll do lots of things, but we got to come home we're gonna. Let people there we're gonna. Have those people pay they got to pay. They get so much money, they don't know what to do with it: they're rolling in money and nobody, I've been asking them by the way I've been asking.
Give you a little story. I gave it the other day, but nobody reports it. So you know, I said we're going to move the embassy to Jerusalem right so a month ago they come into my office with an order, sir. I have an order.
What's the order, sir, we're going to build the embassy, raise it we're in Jerusalem, sir? Okay, good? How much sir 1 billion dollars? I said, whoa whoa and I you know I had the thing half sign. You got to see this. It's signed Donald and then it stopped, and then I put a big X over the Donald 1 billion dollar. Sir, I said: wait.
A minute we're gonna spend a billion dollars, building a essentially a one-story building. We're gonna spend a billion. So I called my guy the ambassador to Israel, his name David Friedman. You know him. He was one of the biggest smartest lawyers a deal lawyer.
One of the biggest in New York represented me over the years, he's just an incredible lawyer and he loves Israel. He loves our country, but he does. He loves. History is very proud of Israel very important to him, and I said you know David.
Let's see if you can make peace, but part of it is let's see about this, so I call my say David, I'm not spending a billion dollars on an embassy. No, so you don't have to. I said: what do you mean? I think I can do it for a hundred and fifty thousand dollars so what I said a hundred and fifty thousand dollars, he said yeah, we have a great site, they were gonna buy a site, we have a great site, the best site. It's got a building on it and I can take a corner of that building and I can spend a hundred and fifty thousand dollars, sir, and I can build a beautiful embassy and we can have it open, sir, in three months, big difference and we're gonna. Let your guest workers commend these.
Can we get it open immediately and it's opening it? Have it open, sir? In three months, big difference, big difference, so we went from a billion dollars to one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and I took the liberty of saying David. If you spend a little more than 150 thousand, that's okay, so we save a bit now it's temporary and it's set, but it's fine, it's nice and we get it open at a billion. Most of us accept all of these really beautiful young ones. Up here we won't even be around to see here we get it open immediately and it's opening in, like a month, you've been reading about it, so the embassy, but but it's not that look it's opening in a month now in, as you know, in the UK, In London we had the best site in all of London, the best site.
While some genius said, We are going to sell the site and then we are going to take the money and build a new embassy. That sounds good, right? But you have to have money left over if you do that.
So, they sold the site for like, I think -- and I'll check the numbers because they'll say, oh, you misrepresented, but these numbers are close enough. They sold the site for like $250 million. They think they are geniuses. They go out and buy a horrible location and they build a new embassy. That's the good news. The bad news, the embassy cost over a billion dollars.
So, now what do we have? We have an embassy in a lousy location and I was supposed to cut the ribbon. I didn't do the deal. It was started by Bush and Obama. It was a Bush-Obama special, okay, but it could have been stopped by Obama. It would have been stopped by me. So, they have -- listen, they have -- so I said, What kind of a deal is that? You sold this great site. It's the best site in London. Literally, the best site.
They were so happy, they got $250 million, oh, whatever, but they spent all of that money plus a lot more to build a new embassy in a lousy location. So, I don't know, folks, we need a whole new thinking here. We need a whole new thinking. We need a whole new thinking. We are going to finally put America first, okay?
Since the election, we've created more than three million jobs including 300,000 new jobs in manufacturing. We love manufacturing. By the way, they wanted me to cut the ribbon on the new embassy, and I was all set, and then in the end, I said, I'm not going. I don't want to cut. I said I'm not cutting that ribbon. I said I'm not going.
All right, hey, hopefully we'll have many years of success with that embassy, okay. In our country, jobs are booming and confidence is soaring. We are at the top of the charts, and they are talking about us all over the world. They are talking about this incredible success.
And believe me, if I didn't get elected, if the opposition party, which I call the obstructionist party, they're obstructionists, it's all they are good at. If they got elected, they wouldn't have cut regulations. They wouldn't have cut taxes. You would have been down to a GDP that would have been negative. You would have had a negative GDP, and wait until you see over the coming quarters how good it is going to be.
And you see what's happening. Our companies are ready to soar. They're ready to soar. Wages for the first time are rising at the fastest pace in many, many years -- 18, 19, 20 years. And I tell you, I always would go around and I'd say to you strongly, people have jobs. They made more money 21 years ago than they make today and in some cases, they have two and three jobs. Terrible.
African-American unemployment has reached the lowest level in history -- in history. Hispanic unemployment -- any Hispanics in the room? Hispanics? No, not so many, that's okay.
And by the way, in all fairness, Kanye West gets it. He got it. He gets it, and he saw that. When he sees that African-American unemployment is the lowest in history, you know, people are watching. That's a very important thing he has done for his legacy, it's a very important thing.
But Hispanic unemployment, lowest level in history -- women female unemployment, lowest level in 18 years. And wages are going up for the first time in many, many years. That's great. As a result of our massive tax cuts, which by the way, Debbie Stabenow voted against and if they get in, if the Democrats get in, they are going to take the tax cuts away and they're going to raise your taxes to a much higher level than you ever thought possible. That's what they want to do, so they can give the money away.
Millions of Americans are receiving large bonuses and bigger paychecks than they've ever received because they have so much money that they didn't even know they were making. You see what's happened as of February 1st, and right after the cuts, the corporations gave massive bonuses and they continue. Here in Michigan, Chrysler handed out $2,000.00 bonuses to 60,000 workers and announced plans for a $1 billion investment in Warren creating a minimum of 2,500 jobs.
They are now leaving other countries and they are coming back to Michigan. Remember, I told you that five or six years ago? They are now coming back, and they are going to come back a lot faster than you have seen. And you know what's even more important than that? Leaving? Because we don't give them the incentive to leave anymore. They used to give them incentives to leave. We are not giving them incentive. No, we're giving them incentive to stay and to pay our people.
But to protect our families, we must secure our borders. The good thing about the caravan, people are watching. People are watching. You watch how horrible -- they are coming in from Honduras. They are coming in from other places. They're taking this long trek up Mexico. We want Mexico to help us and we have to demand it, but Mexico is going to help us, but there are still hundreds of people that are maybe 2,000, there's still hundreds of people, and our laws are so corrupt and stupid, I call them the dumbest immigration laws anywhere on earth.
If a person puts their foot over the line, we have to take them into our country. We have to register them. We then have to ask them a couple of questions. Lawyers are telling them what to say -- how unsafe they are, and once they say that, we have to let them go to come back to court in like a year. Only one problem, they don't come back, okay, that's the end.
Welcome to the United States. This is the law, and we have at the border the greatest people, the Border Patrol, the ICE agents. These are great people. These are great people. And the laws are so corrupt -- they are so corrupt. And you know, one of the reasons they do it is because the Democrats actually feel and they are probably right, that all of these people that are pouring across are going to vote for Democrats, they're not going to vote for Republicans, they're going to vote no matter what we do, they're going to vote...
So, there is a theory that they do it for that. They do it for a lot of reasons. A lot of times, they don't even know what they are doing. They don't even know why they are doing it, but we have to have borders and we have to have them fast, and we need security, we need the wall. We are going to have it all.
And again, that wall has started. We are $1.6 billion. We come up again on September 28th, and if we don't get border security, we have no choice, we'll close down the country because we need border security.
So, we don't have a wall, but a big portion is being built, a lot of it is being fixed. We have a wall that wasn't a wall. We have a wall with big holes in it, that's old and a lot of it is being fixed right now and we're putting up brand new gorgeous stuff, we're building new -- as I told you in San Diego and other places, but we want to now do the big job, so we are going to see what happens, but we have to have border security.
The one good thing. Watch the caravan. Watch how sad and terrible it is, including for those people because they come up, and the crime that they inflict on themselves and that others inflict on them, it's a horrible, dangerous journey for them -- for them. And they come up because they know once they get here, they can walk right into our country. We have the greatest people on earth and they can't do anything because the laws are corrupt. The laws are corrupt.
So we have fought to secure our border, but Democrats in Congress -- Nancy Pelosi, Schumer -- they've opposed us at every stop and every step. They've opposed every effort to close the loopholes to keep the violent criminals like MS-13 the hell out of our country and to stop the flow of illegal immigrants and drugs which are pouring into our country.
And we have done a great job and the numbers are great, but you know, part of the problem is, people are smart and they see how ridiculous these laws are. They know if they can get anywhere near, once they touch our ground it's called Welcome to the United States. How crazy is it? How crazy are we to allow these?
So, I will tell you, the Republicans are working hard and Debbie Stabenow is one of the leaders for weak borders and letting people in, so I don't know how she gets elected. A vote for a Democrat in November is a vote for open borders and crime. It's very simple. It's also a vote for much higher taxes. It's also a vote for be careful of your Second Amendment, okay, be careful.
Be careful of your Second Amendment if they get in. The open border policies of the Democratic Party are not just wrong, they are dangerous and they are in fact deadly. They are deadly. They make no sense. They are deadly. Their policies let gangs -- some of the most of vicious gangs in the world pour into our country. They pour into our country.
Do you know on Long Island, you have gang members that are so tough that we send in these incredible ICE agents, but you know what? The ICE agents are much tougher and they are grabbing them, and I'll tell you why. A doctor please, doctor? A doctor, please, yes take your time, take your time, darling. 
Those are the people we love. Those are great people, I tell you. And the doctors. Thank you, doctor. Thank you. Great job. Amazing. What people we have? What people we have? So we have to keep going the way we are going. You know what? We did what was they called a miracle. I don't think it was a miracle.
Do you remember on Election Day, because it was really the day before, but it was 12:00 in the evening. When I started speaking, Grand Rapid, he says, Grand Rapid, I said -- and it was an unexpected stop, but I heard the opponent was going out with the President and they were going out also unexpected, and they had a very small crowd, but when I heard that, we left where we were, we said, Let's go to Michigan, right? Grand Rapids.
I got there at 12:00 in the evening, remember that? And I said, How's the crowd? We couldn't even get near the arena. There were 32,000 people. I finished speaking at 1:00 in the morning on Election Day, remember that? You were there.
Thirty-two thousand people, now Michigan hadn't been won in many, many years. And I said, Wait a minute. We had 32,000 people. I got home at 3:00 in the morning. And I said Tell me? Why are we going to lose Michigan? Why? We had 32,000 people, 1:00 in the morning and even beyond, nobody left. Everybody was -- we had a great time, right?
And I said, So, why are we going to lose Michigan? They said because the Republicans lose Michigan. I said, Wait a minute. Wait a minute, I'm bringing the cars back. I'm bringing the plants back. I'm bringing the jobs back. We are going to win Michigan. And we won Michigan, and I think quite easily. All right. Remember that?
I always said, I made that speech. That was my last speech. I made that speech on Election Day because by the time we finished, it was 1:00. It was Election Day.
This November, every American will face a choice. Now, they say if the House doesn't make it -- it's very important -- you have great Congressmen. These are great people. These are great, great people, and thank you.
But we have to keep the House because if you listen to Maxine Waters -- she goes around saying, We will impeach him. We will impeach him. Then people said, But he hasn't done anything wrong. Oh, that doesn't matter, we will impeach the President.
So, I don't think we are going to have a lot of happy people if that happens. I think it is going to be a little bit tough, but she goes around and some others. We will impeach him. It doesn't matter if you do anything right or wrong. They want to do that.
We have got to win the House. And you know what? We are going to win anyway. But we are going to win the House. We are going to win the House.
Now, historically when you win the Presidency, the person that wins, the party that wins does poorly in what they call the midterms, and the reason is, I guess you take it easy a little bit, right? Something happens. I guess, it's 93 percent to 94 percent of the time. This is over a long period of time. I don't know why -- you know what it is? You get complacent.
We cannot be complacent. We have got to go out, right? We have got to go out -- we've got to go out and we've got to fight like hell and we have got to win the House and we've got to win the Senate, and I think we are going to do great in the Senate and I think we're going to do great in the House because the economy is so good. The economy is so good.
And because if you look at us all, around the world, we are respected again. We are not pushovers anymore. We are not pushovers. You saw the President of France he came in, great guy. Chancellor Merkel came in yesterday from Germany. No, it will all be fine.
Look, again, don't blame them. Blame the people that used to stay here with much smaller crowds. But that's okay. Blame your American President and your American representatives. But it's not happening anymore. We are respected again as a nation. We are respected. We are not the patsies anymore. We are not the pushovers anymore.
By the way, speaking of not being a patsy or a pushover, do you ever watch Corey Lewandowski on the shows? Where is Corey? Corey? And David Bossie?
He also had very little experience. He only ran one campaign and he won, so he's one for one. Corey, say a few words.
Thank you, fellas. I saw them back there. They work hard and these are great people and we appreciate it. We really do. Okay, ready? So, we need more Republicans. We've got to get more Republicans because you know, they say we have a majority.
Well, one in the Senate, very few in the House. We need more to get it done. We are going to get it done one way or the other, but we need more - - with your help, we're going to elect more Republicans and we're going to deliver even more.
Now, again, other than healthcare, which frankly we got rid of the individual mandate which is the worst part of Obamacare, we are doing association healthcare very soon, it's coming out over the next couple weeks, which is going to be incredible where you are going to buy great healthcare, highly competitive.
Remember, I used to talk during the debates, get rid of the state lines. We're getting rid of the state lines. You'll be able to go out in groups and buy great healthcare at a very low and competitive price.
And essentially, we are getting rid of Obamacare; some people would say, essentially we got rid of it, but you no longer have the individual mandate. You remember what that is. That's where you had the privilege -- a real -- a privilege of going out and spending a lot of money so that you had the second privilege of not having to buy healthcare.
So you paid for the privilege of not buying healthcare. We got rid of it in the tax cut plan. Big thing. Big thing. That was so unconstitutional, but that was the worst part of Obamacare. We got rid of that and you see what's going on, and we're really producing -- and except for one vote. Remember the one vote? Three o'clock in the morning thumbs down. What a vote that was. What a vote that was. That was some vote.
But despite that, it's going to come out great. So we have gotten rid of a lot of Obamacare. We're going to rid of the rest. We got you the tax cuts. We want every American to know the dignity of work, the pride of a paycheck and the satisfaction of a job well done, there is nothing like it. Together we can lift millions of Americans from welfare to work, from dependence to independence and from poverty to prosperity.
We are supporting job training and we are supporting vocational schools, right? Vocational schools. You know, I said to the guys, I said these community colleges, they are wonderful, but nobody knows really what a community college is.
When I was growing up, we had things called vocational schools. And I'd go to a school and I'd be sitting next to a guy, I never looked at his papers because he didn't do well. On the other side, I would have somebody not too good, but you know what? They could take an engine apart blindfolded and fix it.
They could build a brick wall better than all of the guys in the class and gals together. They could do things that nobody else could do and nobody knows what a community college is.
We are going to start using -- and we had these -- vocational schools where you learn trades, and you will do it and you will love it and you will make much more money than anything else you can do, right?
Those are the people we need in our country right now. We need skilled people and when people come across the border, we want to take them in, but we want to take them in based on merit, not based on a lottery. Lottery, lottery.
We want them to come in based on skill and based on merit so they can love our country, they can help our country, they can do things for our country, not come in based on some random lottery system. Aand that will happen. It's all happening.
We're going to build new bridges and airports and highways and waterways all across this magnificent land and you know what we are doing with your locks, we are going to start that as soon as I get back.
I told your congressman, write that name down for me, the Army Corps of Engineers, we're going to be calling them. It could be tonight depending on the time I get back. But it might be tomorrow even though it's a Sunday. Can I call on a Sunday? Is that okay? No? Your lock is not working too well, right? Not working too well.
Well, it hasn't been fixed in 50 years in all fairness. It would be nice to fix it. After spending all of that money in the Middle East, can you imagine? We can't fix a lock? But we'll get it fixed. We're going to put new steel into the spine of our country and breathe new life and new hope into our beautiful communities.
And in everything we do, in every decision we make, we will stand up and -- we are going to be proud. You know what? We're going to be proud of America again. We are going to stand up for America and we are not going to apologize anymore for America.
You know, I told you before, we have done a lot. We have done more than anybody in a year. We're for 16 months, and honestly it just feels like we have been here a long time together because the fight has been a long fight. But did you ever think we would have accomplished what we have accomplished in this short period of time?
You know, part of the problem the country had and one of the reasons our jobs are doing so well, our companies are doing so well, wages are going up because we had regulations which were staggering. It would take 20 years to get a highway or roadway approved, environmentally. It would take years and years to get the simplest permits.
I got rid of those rules and regulations. And by the way, we're going to have crystal clean water. We are going to have beautiful clean air. We're going to be great. We are going to reject people if they don't have the right project, but projects aren't going to take 18 years to get approved, and then in many cases, it's thumbs down after working 18 years. No, we're going to get it done.
We are going to stand up for places like Detroit that need help. We're going to stand up and we're going to stand up for great states like Michigan, and we have done that. This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line. This is it. It's the state that gave us Motown, the Mustang and the might of the American Midwest. It's a great state.
It is where generations of proud workers at General Motors and Chrysler and Kellogg transformed our nation and changed the entire world. We were the leader, and now we are the leader again, and everybody is seeing it. And don't forget this, we have increased the values over the last 16 months tremendously.
We are almost twice the size of the next largest economy. Remember that. Don't forget that. Don't forget that. And we are going to be growing very fast. It's time to look past the old divisions, tired thinking. The stale debates of the and finally come together as one nation under God. One nation under God. We are one people with one home, and one great American destiny.
Remember what I said, they are looking at us all over the world. When chancellor Merkel came in to see me, she said, Congratulations, Mr. President. What you have done is incredible with your economy. When President of France came in to see me, President Macron, wondering guy -- Emmanuel, we like shaking each other's hand. Now, he's a great guy and she's terrific. But you know what? She is for Germany. He is for France. I'm for the USA, okay? Does that make sense?
But Emmanuel came in and when Angela came in, they said, Amazing, congratulations. What we have done in a short period of time is incredible. So regulations -- we have cut more regulations in this 15 to 16 months than any other President has cut in four years, eight years or as you know, FDR, in one case 16 years, and it's not even close.
We inherit the legacy of the great Americans who constructed the railroads, came to the frontiers, built the highways, carved out the Panama Canal and put a man on the face of the moon.
By the way, excuse me, did you see how our space program is going? A little different. And we are letting those rich guys that like rockets, go ahead, use our property, pay us some rent. Go ahead. You can use Cape Canaveral. You just pay us rent and spend that money. Pretty amazing, right?
We're the engine -- you know, it wasn't going up. That was great. But how about where the engines come down. They come down. They come down. They land so they can use them again. That looks like a futuristic beautiful stuff.
We have reinvigorated our Space Program to a level that nobody thought possible in this short period of time. NASA is back. NASA is back and Mars is waiting for us. You know that. Great.
You know what it is? It's great. It's science. It's important. Very important militarily, folks. Very important. We have the best military. We now again, we have the best military in the world. We are going to have a military, the likes of which, nobody has ever had. The best that we have ever had by far, and these are the times when you want to have a very powerful military. You don't want to have to use it, but you have to have it.
We stand on the shoulders of patriots who poured out their sweat and blood and tears for our country, for our flag and for our God. As long as we are proud of who we are, and what we are fighting for, there is nothing beyond our reach. There is nothing. Look what happened to us? Right? Here we are. Look what happened to us.
You know, a poll came out the other day, Rasmussen. I was at 51 percent, and then they said -- you don't read about that. You never hear them talking. You watch this fake CNN. Well, the polls -- do you ever notice? They're always talking. Do you ever notice CNN, Well, you know, he's not very popular. They were saying that before the last election victory, and now, we are much higher than that, but they said 51 percent -- and then somebody, some genius analyst said, But he's got at least 10 percent of the people that don't want to say they are voting for him.
And you know what I say to that? We'll take them anyway, whatever it takes.
I don't know if it's an insult or not, but you know what? We love those people because those people came out in the last election and they said, Don't talk to us. We would like to know how you voted. Don't talk to me. They go in Trump, they come out.
Remember the exit polls? The exit polls. They come out, Who did you vote for? None of your business. A hundred percent, those people are for Trump. We love those people. We love them. We love those people.
You know, there was a mayor of a certain city -- by the way, by the way, by the way, is this better than that phony Washington White House Correspondents Dinner? Is this more fun?
I could be up there tonight smiling like I love where they are hitting you shot after shot. These people hate your guts, shot -- and then I'm supposed to -- and you know, you have got to smile. If you don't smile, they will say, He was terrible. He couldn't take it. And if you do smile, they will say, What was he smiling about? You know, there's no win...
We are proud to be America and the future belongs to us. The future belongs -- remember that. The future belongs to us. The future belongs to all of you. This is our moment. We've never had a moment like this. The economy is raging. Our military is strong and getting stronger. Every single day, we are ordering the greatest equipments in the world. We make the greatest military equipment in the world. Look at what happened in Syria. Boom, boom, bing.
You know, after the attack -- we had to do that. People cannot use gas. Frankly, they shouldn't use anything, but they can't drop the gas, and it was gas. But you know, when we did it, do you remember? It came out, Oh, they hit 23 of our missiles. Then they said, We shot 43 and they hit 43 of our missiles. We shot 110. You know how many they hit? None. Zero. None.
You know how many of our missiles hit their target? One hundred percent. One hundred percent. And the British and the French were great. Great team. It's a great team. But this is our chance. We've never had a chance like this. We are taking our country back. You have just no idea. So many people come up to me, Thank you, sir, thank you. I say, For what? For what? You are taking our country back.
It's true. So many people, they say, Thank you, sir. I always say, For what? They say, Sir, you are taking our country back, and it's true. It's true. We are all taking our country back.
You know in the great state of Tennessee, a congressman, a wonderful guy, came up to me, they had early voting. This was before the election, they have early voting and he came up to me and the voting had just started, and I was in Pennsylvania making a speech. He's a friend of a Pennsylvania congressman and they were together in Pennsylvania and he comes up to me and he goes, I wasn't President then, we were campaigning and the election had just started.
So, with the early voting he says to me, You know, Mr. Trump, he called me, he goes, I don't know what's happening in the rest of the country, but Tennessee early voting -- I have been doing this stuff for 25 years and I have never seen anything like it. People are great Americans but they never voted before because they never had anybody they wanted to vote for. They work hard. They pay taxes. They are coming out of the hills and out of the valleys. They have got the red caps on, they have got to make America great on. They've got the Trump on and I don't know what's happening, but if every place is like Tennessee, you're going to win this election, Mr. Trump.
True. So true. He said, I have never seen anything like it. And you know what? We are higher now than we were on Election Day. We are higher now because now, people are seeing the results. It's actually easier because people are actually seeing the results.
Before I said, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that. We are going to get a tax cut. We're going to get rid of the individual mandate. We are going to do all of these things. Judges, regulations -- now I have done it.
Somebody from the news -- I won't call it, in this case, fake news because he turns out to be right -- he said, Trump is one of the first people ever that actually accomplished more than he promised. And it's true. I accomplished -- I am a politician, I guess, but I accomplished more than I promised, and I'm doing it for you.
Our great journey together is just beginning. So with love in our hearts and hope in our souls, I say these words again, you have heard them before, you've liked them before, we can't say them too much because together we'll make America strong again. Together, we will make America wealthy again. Together, we will make America proud again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
 -- very happy. Thought it was really great.
I think he's done a fantastic job at EPA. I think he's done an incredible job. He's been very courageous. Hasn't been easy, but I think he's done an absolutely fantastic job.
I think he'll be fine. Yeah, I want to look at it. I haven't seen the details, but I can tell you, at EPA he has done a fantastic job.
Who's saying that? I have to look at it, and close. You know, I hear different versions of it. But I'll make that determination. But he's a good man.
He's done a terrific job. But I'll take a look at it very closely.
You know, I didn't -- with Ed Henry?
It's an interesting interview. 
No, no. No, Scott is doing a great job where he is.
Anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000. We're looking at a combination of from 2,000 to 4,000. We're moving that along.
We're looking at it, but, I mean, I have a pretty good idea. But it depends on what we do. But we're looking from 2,000 to 4,000. And we'll probably keep them, or a large portion of them, until such time as we get the wall.
Did you enjoy the roundtable? A little different, right?
Well, Amazon is just not on an even playing field. You know, they have a tremendous lobbying effort, in addition to having The Washington Post, which is, as far as I'm concerned, another lobbyist. But they have a big lobbying effort. One of the biggest, frankly.
One of the biggest. And it's -- you know, what they have is a very uneven playing field. You look at the sales tax situation -- which is going to be taken up, I guess, very soon -- it's going to be a decision by the Supreme Court.
 So we'll see what happens. The Post Office is not doing well with Amazon, that I can tell you. But we're going to see what happens. The playing field has to be level for everybody. That's very important.
Well, I'm going to study it and we're going to take a look. We're going to take a very serious look at that. But I want, as long -- hey, it's very important for me. It's got to be an even playing field for everybody.
Well, you'll have to ask Michael Cohen. Michael is my attorney. And you'll have to ask Michael Cohen.
I think that Scott has done a fantastic job. I think he's a fantastic person. I believe -- you know, I just left -- I just left coal and energy country. They love Scott Pruitt.
They feel very strongly about Scott Pruitt, and they love Scott Pruitt. Thank you very much everybody. I'll see you back in New York. Thank you.
I've worked with Mike Pompeo now for quite some time. Tremendous energy, tremendous intellect. W're always on the same wavelength. The relationship has been very good and that's what I need as Secretary of State. I wish Rex Tillerson well.
Gina, by the way, who I know very well, who I've worked very closely -- will be the first woman director of the CIA. She's an outstanding person, who also I have gotten to know very well. So I've gotten to know a lot of people very well over the last year, and I'm really at a point where we're getting very close to having the cabinet and other things that I want.
But I think Mike Pompeo will be a truly great Secretary of State. I have total confidence in him. And as far as Rex Tillerson is concerned, I very much appreciate his commitment and his service and I wish him well. He's a good man.
Rex and I have been talking about this for a long time. We got along, actually, quite well. But we disagreed on things. When you look at the Iran deal; I think it's terrible, I guess he thought it was OK. I wanted to either break it or do something and he felt a little bit differently.
So we were not really thinking the same. With Mike, Mike Pompeo, we have a very similar thought process. I think it's going to go very well. Rex is a very good man. I like Rex a lot. I really appreciate his commitment to service and I'll be speaking to Rex over a long period of time.
No, I really didn't discuss it very much with him, honestly. I made that decision by myself. Rex wasn't, as you know, in this country. I made the North Korea decision with consultation from many people but I made that decision by myself.
I actually got along well with Rex but really it was a different mindset. It was a different thinking.
I respect his intellect. I respect the process that we've all gone through together. We have a very good relationship for whatever reason, chemistry, whatever it is - why do people get along? I've always, right from the beginning, from day one, I've gotten along well with Mike Pompeo, and frankly I get along well with Rex too.
I wish Rex a lot of good things. I think he's going to be very happy. I think Rex will be much happier now but I really appreciate his service but with Mike we've had a very good chemistry right from the beginning.
Well, it sounds to me - I'm speaking to Theresa May today - it sounds to me like it would be Russia, based on all of the evidence they have. I don't know if they've come to a conclusion, but she's calling me today.
As you know, now we're going to the wall, we're going out to the wall, we're going to be looking at the prototypes, which is very important for our country.
But Theresa May is going to be speaking to me today. It sounds to me like they believe it was Russia and I would certainly take that finding as fact.
Yeah, as soon as we get the facts straight, and we're going to be speaking with the British today. We're speaking with Theresa May today and, as soon as we get the facts straight, if we agree with them, we will condemn Russia or whoever it may be. But I have not spoken to her. I'll speak to her some time today.
We're very happy with the decision by the House Intelligence Committee, saying there's absolutely no collusion with respect to Russia. And it was a very powerful decision, a very strong decision, backed up - I understand they're going to be releasing hundreds of pages of proof and evidence  but we are very, very happy with that decision. It was a powerful decision that left no doubt, so I want to thank the House intelligence committee and all of the people that voted.
I'm looking at Larry Kudlow very strongly. I've known him a long time. We don't agree on everything but in this case I think that's good. I want to have a divergent opinion. We agree on most. He now has come around to believing in tariffs as also a negotiating point.
I'm renegotiating trade deals and without tariffs we wouldn't do nearly as well. But Larry has been a friend of mine for a long time. He backed me very early in the campaign -- I think the earliest -- I think he was one of my original backers. He's a very, very talented man, a good man, and I think Larry Kudlow has a good chance. I'm also speaking to many others but I think Larry has a very good chance.""
I love this place. Hello, Pittsburgh. Hello, Pittsburgh. You know what? Do me a favor, get out on Tuesday, vote for Rick Saccone, and we can leave right now. Come on. We don't have to spend any time. Great guy.
I'm thrilled to be back in Pennsylvania, where I went to school, went to college with so many hard-working American patriots. You're great people. Great. Pennsylvania is the state that gave us American independence, American freedom, and what else? American steel. American steel. They've been talking a little bit about steel over the last -- little while, haven't they? And we're saving the steel, and a lot of steel mills are now opening up because of what I did.
And not all of my friends on Wall Street loved it. But we love it, because we know what it does. Many plants have just announced over the last few days that they're expanding, opening. Steel is back. It's going to be back to, steel is back, and aluminum is back, gonna be back. And on November 8, Pennsylvania is the state that gave us the 45th President of the United States. And I think we're doing a good job for you. I hope so. We're working hard.
It's not easy. That Washington D.C., it got a lot of evil there, but we're getting it out step by step. A lot of evil, a lot of bad people, a lot of bad people, lot of fake media, look at them. A lot of fake media, fake, fake media.
You know, it's funny, I don't know if you saw it, but we've had a problem for years with North Korea. Fact, President Obama said, it was the biggest problem we had. And South Korea went there. We put very, very strong sanctions and lots of other things we've been doing.
Right from the first day I was in office, and South Korea came to my office after having gone to North Korea and seeing Kim Jong-un, and... no, it's very positive, no. After the meeting you may do that, but now we have to be very nice because, let's see what happens, let's see what happens. So the South Korean top people, top representatives, they walked out -- the White House, to a throng of these characters.
Big, big group, and everybody wanted to find out what happened. Now they just left North Korea and look, North Korea's tough, they're testing nuclear weapons, they're doing a lot of things. A lot of -- this should have been handled by the way, over the last 30 years, not now. That's what it should have been here.
They shouldn't handle it. They should have been handled, and everybody will say it too. But that's okay, because that's what we do, we handle things. And these guys came out and they said that, Your President has done a great job. I might say.
But -- well I'll tell you, we did a great job in the Olympics. President Moon of South Korea said Without Donald Trump, the Olympics would have been a total failure. It's true, so, you know, might as well say it. Nobody else is gonna say it, right? Might as well say it.
Little hard to sell tickets. Would you think you're going to be nuke. But when North Korea called, and they said We'd like to be in the Olympics. Everybody said Let's buy tickets, let's go. I would have gone. And it became a very, very successful Olympics.
Honestly, South Korea did a great job and it was great to see North Korea going and participating, and there was a nice unity. It was really a nice thing. But when the South Korean representatives, who just left North Korea, came outside, big throng of press, they announced that North Korea, Kim Jong-un, would like to meet with President Trump. Now, if this is it, this doesn't happen.
You know, they say Oh well, Obama could have done that. Trust me, he couldn't have done that. He wouldn't have done that. He would not have done it. And by the way, neither would Bush and neither would Clinton, and they had their shot and all they did was nothing. Hey.
Well, Clinton gave away billions and billions of dollars and as soon as they made the deal the following day, they started working on making more nukes okay, so that wasn't. That's not the great deal. Never see the story where I'm -- it's 1999, I'm on Meet the Press, a show now, headed by sleepy eyes, Chuck Todd, he's a sleeping son of a bitch, I'll tell you. And they showed it this morning, 1999 and I'm talking about North Korea.
You got to take them out now and then they have Clinton saying We are pleased to announce that we have made a deal with North Korea. Well, you know how that deal turned out, right? We gave billions and billions of dollars and lots of other things, and we got nothing. But they show me young, handsome. I said Why couldn't I look like that today? I should have run back then, right?
Huh? I should have run back then, I would have done this earlier. So -- but they had me, literally, saying I don't know if anybody's to it . They played a lot but literally saying to a very good guy, actually but saying that we got to do something about North Korea.
That was when it wasn't in vogue and then they have Clinton giving everything away and then they show -- and here we are today with a man -- who's nuked up all over the place. But we've been very strong and very vigilant, and now lots of good things, I think are gonna happen, but we'll see. But the funny thing -- so, they announced that he's not going to send missiles up anymore until through the meetings. Well, think of that, you know, we were losing -- we're getting a lot of missile sent.
I wouldn't say Japan was thrilled, missiles flying over Japan. They're very happy with what I'm doing. And, who else could do it? I mean, honestly, who do you think?
They're not going to send missiles up, think of it. They're not sending missiles up, and I believe that, I believe that, I really do. I think they want to do something. I think they want to make peace, I think it's time. And I think we've shown great strength, I think that's also important, right?
And -- and I must tell you, President Xi of China has really helped us a lot. They've really helped us and because 93% of the goods come in through China going into Korea, North Korea. Ninety-three percent. So, that's pretty powerful, and they've been very good.
They could have done more, but that's okay, I'd say to him You've been great. You could do more. But they've done a lot. They've done more.
China has done more for us than they have ever done for any other President or ever done for this country, and I respect that. I res... 'cause need that. Stopping the flow of goods, it's very important. And we put sanctions on.
So they come out, White House, many of these same characters that I see, I see those faces, I see those faces. And for the first two hours, it was unbelievable. This is amazing. This is incredible.
I can't believe this is happening. You know, because we go from like a lot of people, thought we're going to war and all of a sudden they come in, they say We're gonna have a meeting. And there's no more missiles going off and they want to denuclearize. Nobody had heard that, nobody thought -- but they said they want to -- They are thinking about that. Who knows what's gonna happen?
Hey, who knows? It happens, if it doesn't happen. I may leave fast or we may sit down and make the greatest deal for the world and for all of these countries, including, frankly, North Korea and that's where I hope happens. But the press, for two hours, is going This is fantastic, this is amazing. A certain anchor on CNN, fake as hell CNN, the worst.
Ugh. So fake, fake news. And the ratings are lousy by the way and compared to Fox their ratings. And a certain anchor, female, said This is really something he would go down as a truly great President if this happened. Okay, but all of them is saying This is amazing.
This is incredible. Did you hear what they just said? They just said de-nuke. They just said all of these things. They just said no more missiles.
They said they want to meet with President Trump. It was -- they couldn't believe it. The worst of them CNN, MSNBC, which is -- which is worse than I -- I think I have a new -- MSNBC, third rate, and NBC, which is horrible. Their newscast, by the way, is not doing well on NBC network, they're heading down the tubes.
But -- but listen to this, I did The Apprentice on NBC for 14 seasons. I made a lot of money for them. We had a big successful show. Arnold Schwarzenegger failed when he did The Apprentice and he's a movie star.
Martha Stewart failed when she did The Apprentice, and I just kept chugging along every year was a big hit. I mean, I did The Apprentice, made him a lot of money, gave him good ratings when they were absolutely dying and they did nothing but kill me. NBC is perhaps worse than CNN, I have to tell you. And MSNBC is horrible.
So here they are. They're outside, these wonderful representatives, very high-level from South Korea are saying all of these things de-nuke and all of the things that they can't believe, because it's like five years ahead of schedule. Before this they would say, Well that will never happen, and this will never happen, and you'll never get them for -- Stop. You know, with the missiles.
They're saying all of this. Now they say, they want to stop the missiles, they want to denuclearize. They want to do all of these things, and all of these people are like, they can't believe it. It's unbelievable.
I said to my wife, I said, you know, it's amazing, they're really nice to -- It's really amazing. They're ll saying this is an incredible achievement. This is okay. Then I get up in the morning.
So time goes by, right? Same people, they're, saying Not that big a deal, anybody could have done it. Obama could have done it. Obama had a chance. No, no. They're saying, Obama. Obama. Obama. Obama was driving you down.
You take a look at those numbers before we took over, they were heading down. So, so just let me say, so I wake up. So it's so nice and I'm looking forward to watching in the morning. And I go -- I mean literally, they're saying, Well, Clinton could have met.
Clinton gave away the house. I got nothing. And Bush, Bush, Bush, another great Republican. He got us into the middle east. That was great -- We spent $7 trillion in the middle east over a 17-year period, $7 trillion as of three months ago. Okay. Well, you know, what they did, that was like taking a big stone and throwing it into a hornet's nest, but we're bringing it back. ISIS?
We have 98% of the Caliphate of the land, 98. So I woke up when I saw all these reports that, you know, anybody could have done it. Oh yes, sure. Anybody could have gotten President Xi, President for life. That was another one.
So he's President for life. It happened two days ago. And I was joking. I was at a, a roast actually, but I was joking and I said, Ha, President for life, that sounds good. Maybe we're gonna have to try it. President for life. But I'm joking, but I'm joking. And they knew I was.
Everybody there was laughing, everybody's having a great time, I'm joking about being President for life. A couple of who went back, Donald Trump with his dictatorial attitude. Now wants to be President for life. You know, straight fake news. Fake. Horrible.
But you know what's gonna happen? Did you see the other day, 96% of what they do? All I do is good stuff.The economy is the best it's ever been. You're coal -- By the way, folks, some of you are in the coal world.
Your coal is coming back. Big, big, big, big, your steel is coming back, your steel is coming back. Those plants are going to be opening, and what we've done with the 25% tariffs for those guys that come in and dump their steel all over the place, and by the way, it's not good steel, you guys know what I mean, it's crap. But your steel is coming back. It's all coming back.
And six months prior to the election in 2020, every one of those guys, we really endorsed Donald Trump. We think he has to, and you know why? Because if I don't win the election, their ratings are gonna go so far down, they're gonna be out of business, every one of them. Can you imagine, can you imagine covering Bernie or Pocahontas. Pocahontas? How about that? Pocahontas. Can you imagine these guys?
Some of them were actually smiling, but some of them just can't stand it honestly, some of them they can't take it. Can you imagine having to cover Elizabeth Warren before news? You know, I was watching during the campaign and Hillary was sitting right there and Pocahontas was up and she was so angry. Look. We love each other, the women, the men, we love each other, everybody loves -- She was so angry.
I said, You know, I think she's losing the entire male audience and many of the women. She was going at it and Hillary sitting there saying, Oh, my god, what did I do here? This is -- But can you imagine if they had to cover some of these people that are running, I think any of them to be honest with you, I think any of them. Oh, I'd love Oprah to win, I'd love to beat Oprah. I know her weakness. No, no, I know her weakness. I -- I'd know her.
You know, I know her very well. I was on her last show, were one of the last -- I guess the last week, she had Donald Trump and Donald Trump's family, my-my-my, we've come down a long way, haven't we? I'm now President, and probably, you know, but -- but think of it. I know her weakness. Wouldn't we love to run against Oprah? I would love it. I would love it. That would be a painful experience for her. So we've created three million. Thank you, darling.
Oh, they're positive. I thought they were negative, they're positive. That's always the problem. We have a room that's packed, if we have one person, and that's actually a fan, by the way, that's a fan over there, folks. But if we have one person that speaks it, it's like a big deal the next day, so we've created three million jobs since Election day, nobody thought that was possible. 
We passed the largest tax cuts and reform in American history. We've created more than 300,000 new jobs alone last month, and you saw the numbers yesterday. Yesterday's numbers job reports was among the best numbers ever produced in the history of our country, in the history of our country. In fact, my guys,  in fact, my guys, came into my office and they gave me the number because, if you add the previous month, which was adjusted upward by 52,000 jobs, they were low last month. It adjusted upward.
So we're like over 360,000 jobs, and I said, Let me ask you, is that a mistake? I don't think I've ever s -- You know if you get 160, it's good. We were at 360, so I looked at my guys, I said, Is that a type of graphical error, what is that? But you saw it, was one of the best reports, and you know the amazing thing? Wages went up a little bit, you haven't had wages in 19 years. Wages are starting to go up. Think of it. Wages. I mean, how good is that?
Wages starting to go up. African-American unemployment has reached the lowest level in history. The lowest. You know, African-American -- and I'm very proud of that.
African-American unemployment, two months ago reached the lowest level in history and then last month that went up a little bit, right? And I made the mistake because I didn't know it went up and it wasn't quite as good, but it wasn't historic. So, I was in a different month and I said African unemployment is the lowest level in history. They killed me, because it was the previous month, but here's the good news the new month brought it down to the lowest level. So now it's a lowest level. 
Hispanic unemployment is the lowest level. Think of that. Hispanic unemployment is the lowest level in history. Women, women, we love you, we love you.
Hey, didn't we surprise them with women during the election. Remember? Women won't like Donald Trump. I said, Have I really had that kind of a problem? I don't think so. But, Women won't like Donald Trump.
It will be a rough night for Donald Trump because the women won't come out. We got 52%, right? Fifty-two, right? And I'm running against a woman. You know, that's not that easy.
A hundred and fifty-five million people are now employed that is, came out this morning, that is the highest level of employment in the history of our country, 155 million, think of that, right?  While the Obama administration in its final year was losing 1,000 manufacturing jobs a month. We've created almost 300,000 new manufacturing jobs. Think of that.
Think of that. The tasks for all of us, for everyone here tonight, is to make sure that this great American comeback continues full speed ahead.  We are doing things that are amazing. You know, Make America Great Again, right?
Make America Great Again, right? So you know what the new slogan is gonna be? I won't tell you, we've got to keep it secret, except did you ever see so much press? Wow.
You know what the new slogan will be? Because I can't use it in three years from now. I can't say -- Very good. I can't use it. I can't go like, in four years and say, Here's my slogan., which is now two and a half years, we'll have to start thinking right.
It's getting close, we can't say, Make America Great Again. cause I already did that, right? Right? So, right? So our, not my slogan, our slogan, this is a team. Our new slogan will be -- and you know this is on the assumption that happens, which I'm almost positive, can never be 100% sure.
I never like to go too far in advance, but let's assume it's going like it's going, by the way, if we coasted for two and a half years we did a hell of a job. You know that. Fact I was telling some of the guys, let's just coast, because the stock market is up almost 40% since election day, think of that. Almost 40%.
Think of that. And by the way that's not rich people, that's for everybody. I mean, you have your 401ks, which are up 42%, 38%, I tell it all the time. I take pictures back with the policemen. I love the policemen, I love the firemen, they're great.
Alright, and they're always coming up and saying, Sir, thank you very much. My 401k is up 41%. My wife thinks I'm a genius. They think like they're great investors, okay. But they're up way, way up, and that's good. That's really good. That's what we want. That's what we want. That's what we have to have. We're so proud of this country.
But our new slogan, when we start running in -- can you believe it two years from now? is going to be Keep America Great. Exclamation point. Keep America Great. But we can only do that if we elect people who are going to back our agenda and fight for our values, and that is why we have to defeat Nancy Pelosi  and Maxine Waters, a very low IQ individual.
Do you ever see her? You never seen a -- you ever see her? We will impeach him, we will impeach the press, but he hasn't done anything wrong. It doesn't matter, we will impeach him, she's a low IQ individual.
You can't help her, too early. We will impeach her. But you have Maxine Waters and you have plenty of others. And I mean, Nancy Pelosi, you can't have that. And Conor Lamb Lamb the Sham, right? Lamb the Sham, he's trying to act like a Republican, so he gets -- he won't give me one vote. Look, I don't know him, looks like a nice guy. I hear he's nice-looking. I think I'm better looking than him. I do, I do, I do.
And he's slightly younger than me, slightly. No, I heard that, then I saw, he's OK. He's alright. Personally, I like Rick Saccone, and I think he's handsome. 
And you did a great job on television today. I watched you, Rick. That was a great interview. That was a great interview. I appreciate it too, but he's really good.
Here's the thing, we're dealing with people that want to obstruct. They want to stop us from doing things. We put an infrastructure bill in for $1.7 billion, and I hear they want to stop it. They want to stop DACA. DACA is their issue, but I'm willing to go along, get it done.
We've got to get it done, right? Get it done, and besides that, you know, honestly, we need good great workers in our country, because I'm bringing a lot of companies into this country. We're not gonna have workers for it. We have to bring them in, but DACA they're here, they're good people, and the Democrats are trying to not do so.
I offered a deal that was so good, you can't refuse, right? Like the mob pictures. I'll give you a deal that's so good, you can't refuse. I made a deal, I gave them a deal so good, they could not refuse. And I did it because I thought they were gonna refuse, and they did, and they're getting killed now by the DACA recipients.
They're getting killed. But somebody like Lamb, he's never gonna vote for us. He's now saying -- and I appreciate his nice words about me -- this -- is Trump country, right, so he has to say nice. Okay.
He's smart, so he's saying nice things. Here's the problem, as soon as he gets in, he's not gonna vote for us, he's gonna vote the party line he has to. And if he doesn't he's never going to a chairman of a committee, he's now, you know, it's a whole crazy system, but he's going to vote the party line. He doesn't care about us, but for getting your votes he's talking about how much he likes tariffs, which is my baby, and I took a lot of heat over that.
But let me tell you all, these countries now are calling up, We don't want the tariffs. What do we have to do? European Union, they kill us. Sounds good. A lot of us came from the European Union, different countries, right? Sounds nice.
They kill us on trade, so we put on tariffs and the European Union's out there well we're gonna put, I said you can't go any higher than you are anyway, and they have trade barriers. We can't even sell our farming goods in there, they totally restrict us.
So then they say, We want those tariffs taken off. I said, Good. Open up the barriers and get rid of your tariffs, and if you don't do that, we're gonna tax, Mercedes-Benz, we're gonna tax BMW. You want to have money, we want to have money, come into our country, and you know the cars are really the big item. That's the big money item.
So when I said that all of a sudden, it's like whoa, let's stop talking with this guy. You know, with the European Union were like $100 billion down because we had stupid politicians doing so pathetic, right?
A hundred, think of 100 billion, by the way, we're really -- I've always said 71 billion, but Mexico were 130 billion. That's a real number because nobody includes the VAT tax. Nobody even knows what about taxes, but Mexico charges a 16% VAT tax. So nobody ever talks about it. You know they'd do it.
That deal was bad the day they made it because they had a tax and we didn't. So they have a 16% VAT tax. Nobody ever talks about it, but I talk about it. So we're either going to renegotiate NAFTA, and I said, we won't put the tariffs on Mexico and Canada and Canada's brutal, Canada's really tough. They, you know, we have a big deficit with Canada too.
They send in timber, they send in steel. They send in a lot of things, but our farmers in Wisconsin are not treated well when we want to send things to them. Hey, and I don't blame them. Why should I blame them? Because they just out-smarted our politicians for decades and I don't mean Obama.
I mean all of them. Since Bush the first, and that includes, I mean, that includes a lot of territory. Frankly, Ronald Reagan, you remember, I didn't love his -- I thought he was great. I loved his style, his attitude.
He was a great cheerleader for our count -- you know, for the country, but not great on the trade. For many, many years, they've been -- that's where they -- you know. We used to be a nation of tariffs. When other countries would come to the United States, they had a pay for the privilege of taking our product, of taking our jobs. They had a pay, they wanted to come in and sell their product, they had a pay.
Today, in China, they sell a car to us, they paid 2.5%. We sell a car in China, which by the way, is almost impossible to do despite the tax, it's 25 %. So why is that 25 and we're 2.5? And that's why we have a trade deficit with China of $500 billion a year? It's no good, but we're changing it and it takes a little while.
I'm there a year, a little more than a year, we're changing.  We have to. We have a trade deficit. We have a trade deficit with all countries of the world. Listen to this number, if there's any children in the room, please close your ears.
We have a trade deficit of almost $800 billion a year. Now, who makes these deals? So with Mexico -- he says Obama,  Honestly, in all fairness to Obama, it's more than Obama, it's plenty of people, believe me. Plenty of Presidents allowed that to happen, and people that work for the President, so we're gonna get a lot of things straightened away.
NAFTA is under work right now, and I think they're going to be very good. And you saw what I did with the tariffs. They said, We don't want to pay tariffs. I said, Let's make a deal on NAFTA. And if you make a decent deal, a fair deal for the American worker, the American people. We will. You have no problem with the tariffs.
I said the same thing to the European Union. I said, Look, you're killing us we're losing $100 billion a year. You're not accepting our product. They're not accepting our farm product. I want to help the farmers, and they don't accept it.
And I said, Open up your countries. That's countries, they banded together. Why did they band together? To screw the United States on trade, and that's okay, they're allowed, you know, actually here would be called the monopoly, it wouldn't be allowed. But all those countries got together in order to do well on trade with the United States.
People don't know that. You know, you hear European Union sounds, Oh, the European Union, sounds so innocent. It's not innocent, they're very tough, they're very smart. Where there's $100 billion a year. They sell stuff into us.
We charge them practically, nothing. We sell things into them, no.1. You can't get it through the barriers, they have artificial barriers. That's not a monetary barrier, that's other things, environmental. They come up with things you wouldn't even believe.
But we can't get our product in there. So I said, Open up your barriers, get rid of your tariffs and we'll do this. We'll have a nice, fair, open -- and if you don't do that, that's okay. And that's where the cars come in. So, we have a lot of work to do. But I need people that can help me and this guy can really help me. 
This guy can really help me,  Rick Saccone, and I've got him too and he's got a tough race and he's got a tough race. I think we won by 22 points, and Rick, you know, look it's a crazy time out there, it's crazy, but I think the Republicans. You know you never hear this. So, I've been -- in fact, I think she's here, Karen Handel, where's Karen, was she here? She was here.
Where is she? Did I do a good job, huh, in Atlanta? So, Karen, is this sort of like, around this Karen was down, she started off with a whole group of people. It's a little different voting. She had running for Congress in Atlanta, the Atlanta area, right?
So they had a guy, a young guy who spent $34 million. That's still the old time world record, right? Running to be a congressman. They make 150,000 bucks a year. He spent 34 million.
There's something going on, right? So Ka-, I didn't know you were here. Somebody said you may be here, that's so great, Karen. So Karen was running with many Republicans. It was like 14, 13 Republicans, which is crazy and Karen was the one I wanted.
But that's a lot of Republicans. So Karen ended up with about 14 or 15. This guy ended. He was 58, 58, which meant he would have won the election, there was no more runoff, right?
And we came after him, right? We came after that guy and we found out a couple of like, minor things. He didn't live in the district. I heard.
They said, Sir, he doesn't live in the district, but nobody cares about that or said really, let's try it on the voter. So, anyway, you have to get 50, in which case the elections over. If you get less than 50, you have a runoff and you take the top two. So Karen was fantastic, but she was with so many Republicans and he was essentially the only Democrat. So I brought him down, in a period of four days, I got no credit for this from these guys, brought him down from 58 to 48.
So now he's in a runoff with Karen, so think of it he's at 48 she's at 15. By the time Karen and I finished with this guy, 32 million he spent, and she spent slightly less than that. Okay, she spent like like about 29 million less, right. She spent 29 million less, but by the time we finished, the winner, easily by 5 points, was Karen Handel. .
And they love the job she's doing, and I think you're gonna have a good victory now, but the people have gotten to know you and they love you in your area and hope I don't have to go and make speeches all over the place like last night. But we need Karen, and we need, we need our Congressman Saccone. We have to have him. . We have to happen.
Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, the only chance she's got to become Speaker, is electing Democrats, and you know what, we don't have a big margin. It's just a very small. If you -- I mean, they're doing a number in your state. You see what they're doing with the congressional districts, they're doing a number, and hopefully the United States Supreme Court will take that case, because this is horrible what they've done. They had state judges that are Democrats, change your voting districts.
What kind of stuff is that? What kind of stuff? And it's gonna make it very hard for Republicans that are great Republicans that would easily win, and now it's all changed and it's very unfair. Let's see what happens. It's litigation, it's in court.
Let's see what happens, but it's very unfair. The people of Pittsburgh cannot be conned by this guy Lamb. You just can't do it because he's -- again, he's never gonna vote for us. He can say, I love President Trump. I agree with everything he says. You know what, I don't want to meet him, because anybody that says that, I might like him and then Rick is gonna, be very angry at me, right?
No, he's going around saying it, but he's not gonna do that stuff. He's not gonna do it. There's no way he's going for the things? That is what he says, I'm not gonna vote for Pelosi. He's not.
Now that could be possible, but most people are, most people are, but he says he's not going to do that. He's going to do this to steel, he's going to do that here. Well, the Democrats are opposed to those things. He's weak on crime, he's weak on the border, he's weak on the Second Amendment, but all of a sudden he got strong, and by the way, in terms of abortion, take a look at his record. Take a look.
It's amazing he's come back, oh well, take a look at his record, because where his record is, that's where he's going. So Pelosi's party in Congress is full of people, who tell their voters one thing during the election and they go to Washington and vote lockstep.
You know the one thing I noticed about them and I've been there now for 14 months, 14 months. Can you be -- but have we done a lot? Yeah. A lot of stuff.  We have done more than any first-term administration in the history of our country, we have. You take a look at what we're going. Regulation, tax cuts, federal judges, a great, great Supreme Court justice corps. Great.
Look what we've done. Look what we've done. And you know what, we passed the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. Didn't get one Democrat vote, didn't get one, and by the way, how good is that kicking in, remember? Remember? We passed it. We didn't get one Democrat vote, think of that. Not one.
And now they're all, a little, they get a little nervous, that's okay. But we didn't get one, and you know what helped? When AT&T and the big companies came, they started paying thousands and thousands of dollars in bonuses to, you know, millions of people, I think it's up to five million people now, and that was not in the schedule, but they're paying the money out and the people are getting the money, and I'll tell you what, we're so proud of that. But we also got rid of the individual mandate from Obamacare, which basically guts out Obamacare.
That'll be next. That'll be next. That's where you pay a lot of money for the privilege of not getting health care. Okay?
How do you like that one? How that one made it through court, I will not made it through twice. But you pay a lot of money for the privilege, so we got rid of the individual mandate. Nobody even talks about because the tax bill is so massive, bigger than Reagan and bigger than -- biggest one ever done, and you know they were calling a tax reform. This is where a non-politician like me is good, because they had a name and for 40 years they couldn't pass anything, and I kept saying, How is it possible not to pass tax cuts?
Sir, I don't know, we just can't pass. It's been Reagan was the last one that did a big bill and we just can't pass. I said, Well, what's the problem? Well, sir, the tax reform is not easy. I said, Wait a moment, do you call a tax reform, or do you call it tax cuts?  Then he said -- Right? and he said, No, sir. We call it tax reform because we're doing a lot of reforming. I said, Look, people don't know what reform means.
Neither do I. People want tax cuts, they don't know, they don't know. They want tax cuts.  They want tax cuts and honestly the word reform, it could mean you're gonna triple your taxes, we're gonna reform taxes and trip -- I said, Nobody knows what it means. It could be really bad. So they said, You know, we never thought if this after 40 years. Nobody ever thought of it.
So they said, Could you come up with the name? And I did. You know what it was called? The tax cut, cut, cut cut bill. But I must tell you, and on this I think they were right, the politicians thought that was a little hokey, so we call it the Tax US Tax Cut and Jobs bill, which is nice, which is nice.
And we got it passed. We had unanimous, unanimous in the Republican Party and unanimous for the Democrats and by the way, you're gonna have a great man running as a Republican for the Senate.
While we're here, Rick, we should say it, right? Sweet Lou, right? He's going to be great, he's got a chance. He is, he is with you all the way, he loves this state.
He loves the people and will be out fighting for him very, very hard. Okay, you know who that is, you know, but he's going to be running and he's good, he's running already, he's running very hard, he's going to be fantastic. So we passed the tax cuts. We didn't have one Democrat vote, I think of that. So I think they can have a problem.
Now, historically, after a Presidential election, the other side, like always wins, and I've told you, you've heard the story. Because people become complacent, you had a victory. You elected your President, you like you, but you like me. I think so, right? 
I like you too, I love you, I love you, I love you. So, is there any more fun than at a Trump rally? You know a lot of times I have to do like reading as well pass an environmental bill and they want me to go to -- a I'm very spoiled, you know, if I go to a small place and they have 2,000 people. It's like, why don't we open a stadium or something, you know we're spoiled.
Other guys, they go out, they get 50 people, they're satisfied. We need crowds like this. In fact, the fire marshal was fantastic. You know they had a lot of people out, and he's a great guy. Don't want to get him in trouble, but he opened up those doors and he's got guys saying, and he let, most of the people that were for -- you know they were sent away.
He got a look at those corners now those cameras are never going to cover those corners they're, never going to cover the corner, they're never going to cover. They never show the crowds they never like to show the crowd, ever. You know, the only thing is the noise, because you can't imitate it. It sounds like a Penn State football game, it sounds like an Ohio State football game, right? You can't.
I'll say to friends, I'll say to friends, did you see my speech last night? Yes, then, the first I have to say, How good was I? How good? and they say, Good. I said, Did they show the crowd? No they didn't., he said, But you know what, I could tell by the noise that crowd was really big. You can't hide that, you can't hide that.  So good.
The Democrats are the party of sanctuary cities, explain that one, right?  They like to protect criminals, they like to protect MS-13. These are -- the this is the party of -- So how about that? How about that? How about ice? These ice guys are tough as hell, they go in and they're not playing games.
You know, the only thing I hate to say this, not so politically correct, but the only thing these gang members understand is toughness, I hate to say. They're, not interested in genius. They're not interested, they're interested in somebody that's tougher than them. That's what -- and we have the toughest people you've ever seen and they went out to Long Island and they grabbed them by the neck and they throw them into the paddy when we're cleaning out, we're doing it.  We are building the wall under this.
A hundred percent, 100%. You know the President of Mexico, who I think is a really nice guy, because you know it's been, Build a Wall, and I can't get through a speech without somebody, because I was all set to say, Build the Wall, and then these guys start screaming, build a wall, well we're building it. But the President of Mexico calls -- and you know, I told you we're in the midst of negotiating NAFTA. So we have a little sticking point.
He called up and respectfully, because he really is a high quality guy and he called up, he goes, Mr. President, we would like you to make a statement that Mexico will not pay for the wall. I said, Are you crazy? You think I'm gonna make -- I'm not making that statement. He said, Well, you have to. I said, Is it a deal breaker? He said, Yes. I said, Bye-bye.
We're not making a deal. There's no way I'm making it. Now what I will say, and what I told him is, President, don't worry, it all comes out in the wash we're gonna put it into the NAFTA agreement. Nobody's gonna be talking too much about it. It'll be park -- We're gonna make a much better than what we have to, we have to. When we lose $130 billion with Mexico. I think we can do a little better than that, right? The wall, you know what the wall is?
It's this, you don't even notice. It's like a little asterisk on the bottom, okay, so he said to me that, and I said, No, I think we can't do that. We actually broke it up. He was going to come to Washington no way. I'm gonna say anything like that, but I will say we will build a wall, we have to build a wall, we have to build a wall, and the Democrats are holding it back. You know we had a deal 25 billion, and by the way, if I get 25 billion for the wall, you can have a lot of change.
You're gonna have a lot of change. I've got -- I've, got all the big builders, the best ones in the world. I know the best builders, you know we want to use the good builders, not the bad ones. Save a lot of money on the airplanes. We save a lot of money on Air Force One, $1.4 billion we said.
One point four, still too expensive, it's crazy. It's crazy. But we saved a lot of money. I got Boeing in and we had a talk and we said that we saved $1.4 billion, okay.
I mean that's worth a 10-minute meeting right. I don't care how big the United States is, but we're gonna build the wall and we have to build the wall for people, for gangs, for drugs. The drugs has never been a problem like we have right now. And by the way, like the world has with drugs, and you know what, we fill up these councils, they all want to be on councils, they call them Blue Ribbon councils, where we take Melania, great, great first lady, we take -- she's great, she is great. You think her life is so easy, folks?
Not so easy. She is a great first la-, but we put Melania and other people on this blue-ribbon committee. Do you think the drug dealers that kill thousands of people during their lifetime, do you think they care who's on a blue-ribbon committee? The only way to solve the drug problem is through toughness. When you catch a drug dealer, you got a, you gotta put him away for a long time.
When I was in China, and other places by the way, I said, Mr. President, do you have a drug problem? No, no. no. We do not. I said Huh, big country. 1.4 billion people, right? Not much of a drug problem.
I said, What do you tribute that to? Well, the death penalty. True. Hey, if you're a drug dealer, and you know you're gonna get caught, and you know that you're gonna kill people, you're killing our kids, they're killing our kids, they're killing our kids, they're killing our families, they're killing our workers. You know, we have a hard time of the 100 million people, that special group of people, they're great people.
They want to work. We have a hard time. A lot of them can't qualify to work in these factories. Chrysler's coming back in, you saw that from Mexico to Michigan, you have -- We have companies coming back into the United States. You haven't seen that. I used tell you that was going to happen, but now it's happening. But a problem, a lot of people can't qualify because of drugs, but I said to the President, I said so, You don't have much of a problem. No.
And they had a problem. You know, if you go back 200 years ago and they know all about drugs. It was devastating to China, the opium, devastating, it destroyed China and I'm not gonna let it destroy us. And there was an article in one of the main papers.
Maybe it was the failing New York Times, is one of them. And I don't even know where they get it because, honestly, I don't know that the United States, frankly, is ready for it. They should be ready for, but at a minimum you have to give long tough sentences. But if you go to Singapore, I said, Mr. President, what happens with your drugs? No, we don't have a problem, President. I said, Really, why? We have a zero-tolerance. And he's not playing games. These guys don't play games.
You know, we have a different type of people. They don't play games. I said, How you doing on drugs? No problem. Said, What do you mean no problem? And that's entertainment. You know, a lot of things are happening. So what do you mean no problem? We have a zero-tolerance policy.
What does that mean? That means if we catch a drug dealer, death penalty, that's it.  And they don't have a problem. Now, remember this.
If somebody goes and shoot somebody or kill somebody, they go away for life and they can even get the death penalty, right. One person. They shoot one person they get the death penalty, they shoot, one person kill some person, knife one person, the person dies, they get maybe the death penalty, or maybe life in prison, no parole, right. Okay. A drug dealer will kill 2,000, 3,000, 5,000 people during the course of his or her life.
Thousands of people are killed or their lives are destroyed, their families are destroyed, so you can kill thousands of people and go to jail for 30 days. They catch your drug dealer. They don't even put him in jail. Think of it, you kill one person, you get the death penalty in many states or you get life imprisonment. You think of it.
You kill 5,000 people with drugs because you're smuggling them in and you make it a lot of money and people are dying and they don't even put you in jail. They don't do anything, but you might get 30 days 60 days 90 days. You might get a year, but you're not gonna get, and then you wonder why we have a problem. That's why we have a problem, folks.  And I don't think, I don't think we should play games now.
I never did polling on that. I don't know if that's popular, I don't know if that's unpopular, probably you'll have some people. That say, Oh, that's, not nice, but -- but these people are killing our kids and they're killing our families and we have to do something. We can't just keep setting up, blue-ribbon committees, with your wife and your wife and your husband and they meet and they have a meal and they talk, talk, talk, talk, two hours later, then they write a report said, look, that's what I got in Washington.
I got all these blue-ribbon committees. Everybody wants to be blue-ribbon, and we the opioid problem, and for that, we have to go after the drug companies, we have to, we have no choice.
We have to go after the drug companies,  we have no choice. So, so I think it's a discussion we have to start thinking about, don't you agree? I don't know if you're ready, I don't know if this country is ready for it, but I think, Rick, I think it's a discussion that we have to start thinking about.
So in Oakland you have a mayor  and she -- and she told people that we're going to be captured in a big ray, that there's going to be a ray, can't do it, you can't do it, folks, we've got to get smart. My administration believes our cities should be safe havens for American people, not for American criminals, okay, not for American criminals. 
We're going after violent criminals and we're going after vicious gang members. These are so -- these people is so tough, but you know, we had our ICE agents out in Long Island. Can you imagine? I grew up like around in Queens in New York, which is sort of, but I knew, Long Island, well now, it's sort of like on the way, right. And places that I know so well, I loaded up with MS-13.
Well, your daughter walks home, and they don't use guns, you never sell guns. The NRA happens to be very good people, by the way, they want to do the right thing,  but they don't use them. They don't use guns, they like to use knives and other things, because it's much more painful, it's much slower, it's much --
These are animals and we send these guys out and we liberate those towns. We liberate them. Hillary wouldn't have liberated those towns, we liberate those towns and the people are cheering it's like a war. It's like if you got liberated as a country.
Can you imagine this is taking place in our country? It's crazy. So we are doing a great, great job. We are loving it, we're making tremendous progress.
Today, I'm calling on Congress to stop funding sanctuary cities,  so we can save American life.  The funding bill should not give precious and massive taxpayer grants to cities aiding and abetting criminals. That's what they do. Look at the stories, Kate, and so many, look at the stories how horrible they are.
I'm also calling on Congress to finally end chain migration and cancel the very dangerous VISA lottery now they're probably, again, the Democrats want to obstruct, so we're probably going to have to wait till after the election, we'll get Rick in there and we'll get some other people in there and we'll be able to get it passed, because these guys don't want to do anything, they don't want to do anything.
You know they criticize, because we have vacancies in certain administrative offices. We have 270 people that we cannot get the Democrats to approve to come in and work in our administration.
They're out there. We have the Ambassador from Germany, and I take heat. These guys are always saying, Well, you don't have an ambassador. Because the Democrats won't approve them, they obstruct, they delay, they do everything they can and that's all they're good at. They have no ideas, they have no ideas.
I mean, I look forward, I really do. I look forward to 2020 because I want to see how far left the person is going to be that we're going to run against. I look forward to it. I look forward to it.  I really do. I really do. So together with your help, your voice, your vote. We could achieve more than anybody.
I mean again. I really believe -- and I'm not saying this as braggadocious, because I tell you if we didn't, but the tax bill, when we got the individual mandate, but we also got ANWR, most people don't know what that's one of the biggest feels in the world. We got it approved. They've been trying to approve it for 40 years. That was a part of the textbook.
That alone would have been a massive thing to approve. It got ANWR in Alaska, one of the biggest fields in the world that will start working, and other things. So as long as we're proud of who we are and what we're fighting for, there is nothing beyond our reach, nothing, we need Republicans put in office. We need Senate, and I think we're going to do pretty well with the Senate. You know the numbers are looking pretty good.
Did you see the numbers from about two months ago? And you see the numbers now it's like from a different world, because people are seeing what we're doing, they're seeing what we're doing. We stand on the shoulders of Patriots, who poured out their sweat and blood and tears, and we're going to do things that nobody's been able to do? You know it's very funny.
Every time I go out to speak, we have these massive crowds and you know how many people thousands were turned away. We let thousands in, but thousands were turned away, and I read one woman in the Wall Street Journal today, nice woman, I like her actually, Peggy Noonan, and she wrote an article about me and you know I went to the Wharton School of Finance.
Nice student, that's a very smart. You know, Ivy League school, great, the best Business School, I think, it's one of the hardest schools, to even in my day, I mean, I went to the Wharton School did great, and then you got to read how we're like, like, Is Trump a good speaker? She's talking about, he uses a language, that you know.
You know how easy, remember I used to how easy it is to be Presidential, but you'd all be out of here right now, but you'd be so bored, because I could stand out, right. .
I'm very Presidential, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for being here tonight. Rick Saccone will be a great, great Congressman. He will help me very much he's a fine man and young as a wonderful wife. I just want to tell you, on behalf of the United States of America, that we appreciate your service. We appreciate your service. 
And to all of the military out there, we respect you very much. Thank you. Thank you.  And then you go, God bless you and God bless the United States of America.
Thank you very much.  See that's easy, that's much easier than doing what I have to do because, but this is much more effective. Don't forget this kind of selected. If I came like a stiff, you guys wouldn't be here tonight, so I'm reading, Peggy Noonan, and she's a nice woman.
I like her. She doesn't like me much but and she's writing, like I'm some kind of a Neanderthal, and I'm saying, you know, I'm really smart, you know it's funny, they always talk. They always talk about how they're telling us, they said we couldn't get elected. I say We. because you guys came from areas -- Some of you never voted before, but you love the country. You never voted before, but you love the country.
A great congressman from Tennessee they vote early, and the voting gets started and he was at a speech I was making in Pennsylvania, believe it or not, but he was there 'cause one of his friends, and it was Lou, but one of his friends was there.
So I didn't know him, and they had early voting in Tennessee, and he said, You know, Mr. President... and at that time I wasn't President, but he called me that, because he saw it was happening, he said, In Tennessee the early voting started and I've been doing this stuff for 32 years and I've never seen anything like it in my life. Those people are coming out of the hills. They're coming out of the valleys.
They're coming out of everything that you can come out of. It's the most amazing thing, and these are people that love the country, but they never voted because they never saw anybody they wanted to vote for. And now they've got Trump, Trump, Trump Pence. They've got all this stuff, so I've never seen anything like it.  And then they ask, Is he a good speaker? I don't know.
Look. I don't know if I'm a good speaker, but you know what every time I have a 25,000 seat stadium, we fill it up, so something has -- it has to be right. Maybe it's just pure ideas. I don't know, it's hard.
Oh, I love that guy. He said it's hard, we all have heart, but this man, great guy, great congressman, actually. He said, All these years, I've never seen anything like it. He said, and I can only tell you -- I love the state of Tennessee, but I can only tell you if the rest of the countries like Tennessee you're, going to win this damn election and it's going to be easy and we got 306 to 223.
Remember they said, 270, you cannot -- remember the famous 270, he cannot win the election because he cannot get above 270. We needed 270. In fact, they couldn't get me to 270, 69, so we had 269.
They said, He cannot win. He cannot get. Remember? To 270. And we didn't, we got to 306.  But remember Pennsylvania, remember Pennsyl -- That was really terrible, so yeah, I've never done this before you know, I did -- I ran for President, never did it before.
Somebody said you know I've been running for the Senate like six times he said you ran for President, you won. What happened is Pennsylvania, remember that night? So we were one point away. We were at 99% of the vote was tabulated right, remember that? 99 and if I lost 10 points we would've win it.
Would there was no way you could lose because we were winning by thousands and thousands of votes, and one point doesn't have all of those thousands of votes. They wouldn't call Pennsylvania, they refused to call it, remember? and I wanted to win. I wanted to win with Pennsylvania was so befitting, because they had spent ten times more in the state of Pennsylvania than I did ten times more, and I'm waiting for Pennsylvania, I'm saying, Come on, Pennsylvania, go one point and I win and I have thousands more votes than I need. In other words, if every single person of the remainder voted against me, we win easily, they wouldn't call it, and then what happened.
Wisconsin came in, we won with Wisconsin, which hadn't been won in decades and then we won with Michigan and then finally they were devastated. You see that we're crying 1-1, crying, she's crying. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, remember John King with the board? I do this every once at the board.
The red board is all red. It's like red man. That board was red, meaning Republican and John King, He can't believe it. He goes, I think he just won the State of Florida. Yes, Donald Trump won the state of Florida's got off. Then they go.
You had to run. You know the electoral college is much harder than the popular vote, because popular vote you go to three or four states, electoral college, you have to go to like nineteen. I was all over the place. I went to Maine, four times, because I needed one vote. They had one vote, that was going to be 269 to 270.
The one vote was going to be very important, so I went to Maine like four times, that's a lot. Because I nodded, if a lot of people said: why are you doing? First of all, I like the people of Maine, but I needed one, but what happened was an incredible -- it was an incredible evening, one of the greatest nights in the history of television, in terms of numbers of people watching, and we have done a job. So here's what this is going to happen.
Let me give you the bad news. The bad news is, they want to take it away from us. They want to take it away, they're doing everything they can to take it away, and that starts with the election coming up in a few months and we have to win it. We have to get out and we have to win. Normally, I would not come except it's Pennsylvania, say I love it anyways, I love the people, I mean, I went to school, I went to Wharton, I went to school here.
I love Pennsylvania. I mean look, how can I not love it, right? Somebody else would show up here and then honestly, Rick, would it be 50, 60 people in front, right? First of all, you wouldn't have this you'd have a little place, but I love this state, but I really feel strongly about Rick Saccone, and I know him. I feel strongly about him.
He's an incredible guy. Number 1, and I don't know that this is important, but to me it is, he's a very fine human being, he's a good person. He's really a good person. Rick, come up here.  He's a really good person. 
So he's a good person, I don't know if that means, that does that mean anything? He's a very, he's a very competent person, he's a very hard worker. He knows things that many people don't know. He understands North Korea, maybe better than anybody. I spoke to him about North Korea.
He was there for a long time and I spoke to him about North Korea and I'm telling you, I learned things that all of these great geniuses, all of these great experts on North Korea did not tell me. This is a very extraordinary guy. We need him, we need Republicans, we need the votes, otherwise, they're gonna take away your taxes, your tax cuts, they're gonna take away your Second Amendment rights. 
True. They're gonna take away, you know, in the military big big military place, we just got approved $700 billion. We have to rebuild our military, $700 billion, far more than the other party.
They'll take that away too. Our military was really depleted, but I just want to know. I want you to know, I came tonight because this guy is special and beyond the vote, it's very important. Remember this, the other opponent, his opponent is not voting for us. He can say all he wants, is no way he's voting for us, ever, ever.
End he could be nice to me, and he is, but there's no way he's ever voting for me. Rick is gonna vote for us all the time, all the time.  So... So I want to ask Rick to say a few words and -- and again, it's an honor to be with you, go out on Tuesday and just vote like crazy.
You got to get out there. The world is watching. This -- I hate to put this pressure on you, Rick, they're, all watching, because I won this district like by 22 points. It's a lot.
That's why I'm here, look at all those red hats, Rick. Look. Look at all those hats. That's a lot of hats. And we just had a poll, we're more popular now than we were on election day.
This guy should win easily and he's gonna win easily. You got to know him, he's an extraordinary person. Go out and vote on Tuesday for Rick Saccone. Rick, go ahead. 
So again, with that we'll say, goodnight, but again go out vote for Rick. He'll never, ever disappoint you. He's a winner. He's never going to disappoint you.
Just go out vote with your hearts, vote with your brains. This is an extraordinary man. I'm gonna be home. Watching that returns, and I hope that I have to make a call on Tuesday night, where I speak to you and young, and I say great job, great race, the whole world, remember that, they're all watching. We want to keep it going.
We want to keep the agenda the Make America Great going, you got to get them in. This is a very important race, very important. Thank you. All god bless you. We love you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. God bless you. 
Well, it's a very big subject. It's a subject that everybody is talking about, obviously, for all the wrong reasons. And we're going to do something about it. We're going to make changes. I... I see Congress wanting to act now for the first time. So we certainly have to strengthen background checks.  Everybody agrees with that. And we're going to make background checks very very strong. O'll be speaking about that at CPAC. Very very important is to do that. And also, the mentally ill, people that are mentally... they have mental problems, we cannot allow them to have guns. So we're going to be very strong on that. That's going to go a long way. I also believe that schools have to have some form of protection. They can't just be open and gun free. Gun free is an invitation for these crazy people to just come in and shoot. If they're not gun free -- if there are guns inside -- held by the right people, by highly trained professionals, you're going to see this end. It won't be happening anymore. Our schools are essentially gun-free zones, and that makes them very dangerous places.
Deputy Sheriff... Peterson, I guess his name is, I mean they brought it out -- I was surprised. But it deserves  to be brought out. What he did, he's trained his whole life. There's an example. But when it came time to get in there and do something, he didn't have the courage or something happened. But he certainly did a poor job. There's no question about that.
He was there for five minutes. For five minutes. That was during the entire shooting. He heard it right at the beginning. So he certainly did a poor job. But that's a case where somebody was outside, they're trained, they didn't react properly or under pressure or they were a coward. It was a real shock to the police department.
Well, I think we really have a... a group of people that to do the right thing. The NRA is composed of people that I know very well. These are good people. In many cases, great people.
They're patriots, they love our country. The NRA wants to do the right thing. I've been speaking to them, and they want to do the right thing. Look, I haven't been here that long. This has been going on for a long time, decades, and we're going to get it fixed.
But the only way you're going to get it fixed is you have to have a certain amount of offensive power within the school. It can't only be defense. You have to have protection within the school. And we're going to work it out. But we are going to be very, very powerful, strong on background checks, especially having to do with people with mental problems.
This person that did this horrible act, he was mentally deranged and everyone knew it for a long period of time. I guess they had 38 red flags, 39 red flags... you can't do any better than that.
Unfortunately, they didn't catch it. They should have caught it. This could have been prevented. So the whole mental situation is very big. But, background checks, to me, are very important, and we have to strengthen up our schools.
I'm going over to CPAC, I'm going to be talking about it. Thank you all very much.
I'm... I'm looking forward to it, actually.
Here's the story, just so you understand. There's been no collusion whatsoever. Theres no obstruction whatsoever. And I'm looking forward to it. I do worry when I look at all of the things that you people don't report about, with what's happening. If you take a look at, you know, the five months' worth of missing texts -- that's a lot of missing texts. And as I said yesterday, that's prime time.
So you do sort of look at that and say, "What's going on?"" You do look at certain texts where they talk about insurance policies or insurance
I don't know, no. I guess you're talking about two or three weeks, but I would love to do it.
You know, again, its  I have to say  subject to my lawyers and all of that  but I would love to do it.
You mean like Hillary did it under  who said that?
Oh you said it. You did say it. You say a lot. Did Hillary do it under oath?
I think you have an idea. Dont you have an idea?
Wait, wait, wait. Do you not have an idea? Do you really not have an idea?
If you didn't do it... if you didnt know about Hillary, then youre not much of a reporter.
No I would do it. Well, we're going to see... I am very disturbed, as is the general, as is everybody else that is intelligent. When you look at  five months? This is the late great Rose Mary Woods, right? With a step, right? This is a large-scale version.
That was 18 minutes, this is five months. They say it's 50,000 texts and it's prime time. That's disturbing. Say hello to your . Good bye everybody. General?
Well, McCabe got more than $500,000 from essentially Hillary Clinton. And is he investigating Hillary Clinton?
Do you remember, did anybody hear many of my speeches when I talked about McCabe? He was the star of my speech. This isn't now. And I said a man who was more or less in charge of her  that, the wife got $500,000 from Terry. Now Terry is Hillary. And, yeah, I mean 
You know what? I keep out of it. You'd find that hard to believe. I keep out of it. That's the way it fell. He's been there. It's one of those things. But he was the star of many of my speeches. Because he got from $500,000 to $700,000, whatever the number was. Got that money for the wife. And, you know, in Virginia, in Virginia  
It's very interesting. 
Wait. In Virginia, you don't have to spend the money. So I never checked as to whether or not they spent the money on the campaign. How much of the money did he spend on the campaign, do you know  she  how much was it? 
Wait, how much of the money was spent?
I don't know what's the big deal with that. Because I would ask you, "Who did you vote for?"" "
I don't think that's a big deal. But I don't remember that. I saw that this morning. I don't remember asking him that question.
I don't remember asking him the question. I think it's also a very unimportant question, but I don't remember asking him that. 
Hey, chief, would you do me a favor? When we come back, when we come back, I want you to have a deal, OK? See if you could have a deal. 
Yeah, nice  and, not  you don't repeat, and this and that, just one nice piece. OK?
I only repeat, I only repeat for the purposes of making sure you understand.
We're going to find out. 
Because here's what we'll say, and everybody says: No collusion. There's no collusion. Now they're saying, "Oh
You're going to define it for me, OK? But I can tell you, there's no collusion. I couldn't have cared less about Russians having to do with my campaign. The fact is  you people won't say this, but I'll say it: I was a much better candidate than her. You always say she was a bad candidate. You never say I was a good candidate. I was one of the greatest candidates. Nobody else would have beaten the Clinton machine, as crooked as it was. But I was a great candidate. Someday you're going to say that. Goodbye, everybody.
Hello, everybody. You know Kevin -- Kevin McCarthy.
 We're talking about a lot of things. There are a lot of things to talk about. And we'll be talking about DACA also.
Well, I dont think the -- honestly, I dont think the Democrats want to make a deal. I think they talk about DACA, but they dont want to help the DACA people.
Now, we used to say the DACA children, but the children arent children.
I think you have a lot of sticking points, but they're all Democrat sticking points, because we are ready, willing, and able to make a deal, but they dont want to. They don't want security at the border. We have people pouring in. They dont want security at the border, and they dont want to stop drugs. And they want to take money away from our military, which we cannot do. So those are some of the sticking points.
Well, did you see what various senators in the room said about my comments? They werent made.
No, no, I'm not a racist. I am the least racist person you have ever interviewed, that I can tell you.
I dont know if there will be a shutdown. There shouldnt be, because if there is, our military gets hurt very badly. We cannot let our military be hurt.
Well, that was a state thing. But we're going to now get involved with them. I love that they took responsibility. They took total responsibility. But we're going to get involved. Their attitude and their -- what they want to do, I think it's terrific. They took responsibility. They made a mistake.
Well, we hope it won't happen again. But part of it is that people are on edge, but maybe, eventually, we'll solve the problem so they won't have to be so on edge.
Well, we'll see what happens. They have a couple of meetings scheduled, a couple of additional meetings scheduled. We're going to see what happens. Hopefully, it's all going to work out. We will see.
Well, The Wall Street Journal, as you know, quoted totally wrong. But we're going to see what happens with North Korea. We have great talks going on. The Olympics, you know about. A lot of things can happen.
Well, we're ready, willing, and able to make a deal on DACA, but I dont think the Democrats want to make a deal. And the folks from DACA should know the Democrats are the ones that arent going to make a deal. Thank you, everybody. Enjoy yourselves. Thank you.
Not looking good. It's not looking good. It's quite sad to see that, so my people are very upset about it. I can't imagine there's anything on him frankly because, as we said, there's no collusion. There's no collusion whatsoever. But a lot of lawyers thought that was pretty sad. Go ahead.
A little louder. Helicopter. A lot of noise.
Yeah. Yeah, that's right. It is the anniversary, and hopefully everything will normalize with Cuba. But right now, they're not doing the right thing, and when they don't do the right thing, we're not going to do the right thing. That's all there is to it.
We have to be strong with Cuba. The Cuban people are incredible people. They support me very strongly, but we'll get Cuba straightened out.
No, I'm not. No. What else? What are you, surprised? What?
I did speak to Cindy McCain, and I wished her well. I wished John well. They've headed back, but I understand he'll come if we ever needed his vote, which hopefully we won't.
But the word is John will come back if we need his vote, and it's too bad. It's tough. He's going through a very he's going through a very tough time. There's no question about it, but he will come back if we need his vote. Thank you very much. Everybody. Thank you.
No, this really will mostly benefit the middle class and job. Companies -- companies are coming in. They're pouring into the country. They've already started, and this will be great for jobs. It will be fantastic for the middle-income people, and for jobs.
It will also benefit lots of other things. I mean we're looking to -- if you look at the whole thing, everybody's gonna benefit. But I think the greatest benefit is going to be for jobs, and for the middle class middle right.
Well, this is going to bring money in. As an example, we think $4 trillion will come flowing back into the country. That's money that's overseas that stuck there for years and years. It was two and a half trillion, then it was three and a half. It's probably over $4 trillion. This is money, that's been stuck there for years, and it's going to come pouring back into the country.
But that'll be -- that'll be one. And I will say because of what we've done with regulation and other things, our economy is doing fantastically well. But it has another big step to go, and it can't take that step unless we do the tax bill.
Well, we have a tremendous spirit to the tax reform. This is going to be one of the great Christmas gifts to middle-income people. The Democrats have their... you know, their sound bite, the standard sound bite, before they even know what the bill is all about. They talk about for the wealthy. This is going to be one of the great gifts to the middle-income people of this country that they've ever gotten for Christmas.
Well, what will happen is at the end, whichever the administration is, in years from now, they'll make it, and maybe can even make it more generous, if we can get the economy like it should be. The economy now has hit 3%. Nobody thought would be anywhere close. I think we can go to four, five and maybe even 6% ultimately. Each percentage point is $2.5 trillion.
We are back, we're really going to start to rock. We need this as our final push, and you're going to see some numbers that are great. But, most importantly, you're going to see great job numbers. Jobs are going to come pouring back into this country, which we need very much. Thank you everybody. We're going to Camp David now.
Well, it's a shame what's happened with the FBI. But we're going to rebuild the FBI. It will be bigger and better than ever. But it is very sad when you look at those documents. And how they've done that is really, really disgraceful, and you have a lot of very angry people that are seeing it. It's a very sad thing to watch, I will tell you that.
And I'm going today, on behalf of the FBI, their new building. But when everybody -- not me -- when everybody -- the level of anger at what they've been witnessing with respect to the FBI is certainly very sad.
I think he should. He tried. I want to support -- always, I want to support the person running. We need the seat. We'd like to have the seat. I think we're doing very well on the tax. We'll see what happens. But I think we're doing very well. It's something that's going to be monumental. It will be the biggest tax decrease, or tax cut, in the history of our country.
But as far as Roy Moore, yeah, it's certainly -- I would certainly say he should.
You'll have to make that determination. We're hoping for a very -- let's put it this way: There is absolutely no collusion. That has been proven. When you look at the committees, whether it's the Senate or the House, everybody -- my worst enemies, they walk out, they say, "There is no collusion but we'll continue to look."" They're spending millions and millions of dollars."
There is absolutely no collusion. I didn't make a phone call to Russia. I have nothing to do with Russia. Everybody knows it. That was a Democrat hoax. It was an excuse for losing the election, and it should have never been this way, where they spent all these millions of dollars.
So now even the Democrats admit there's no collusion. There is no collusion -- that's it. And we got to get back to running a country.
What we have found, and what they have found after looking at this, really, scam, is they found tremendous -- whatever you want to call it; you're going to have to make up your own determination -- but they found tremendous things on the other side. When you look at the Hillary Clinton investigation, it was -- I've been saying for a long time -- that was a rigged system, folks. That was a rigged system.
When you look at what they did with respect to the Hillary Clinton investigation, it was rigged. And there's never been anything like it in this country that we've ever found before. It's very, very sad. Very, very sad.
What else is there? You know the answer. How many times has that question been asked? Go ahead.
I have. I have seen it. I think it's going to do very, very well. I think that we are going to be in a position to pass something as early as next week, which will be monumental.
I think they'll be great. They're great people. They want to see it done. I know them very well. I know how they feel. These are great people and they want to see it done, and they want to see it done properly. Go ahead.
Well, we're going to see what happens with North Korea. We have a lot of support. There are a lot of nations that agree with us -- almost everybody. We can't let that happen. And we're going to see what happens with North Korea. We hope it works out.
Yeah, I think we will. I think we will. The child tax credit, just so you understand, the Democrats have done nothing in terms of children, in terms of child tax credit. We're putting in a tremendous child tax credit, and it is increasing on a daily basis.
It was great. He said very nice things about what I've done for this country in terms of the economy, and then he said also some negative things in terms of what's going on elsewhere. But the primary point was to talk about North Korea, because we would love to have his help on North Korea. China is helping. Russia is not helping. We'd like to have Russia's help -- very important.
I don't want to talk about pardons for Michael Flynn yet. We'll see what happens. Let's see. I can say this: When you look at what's gone on with the FBI and with the Justice Department, people are very, very angry. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you, everybody. Thank you. And if you think this crowd is big, you should see right now what's outside. Congratulations. 
Hello, Pensacola. What a place. Right here on the Emerald Coast, right? The Emerald Coast in the great state of Florida where we had a tremendous victory, didn't we? Come on. 
We are joined by many, many people in the military and great American patriots. Thank you very much.  When you remember the campaign, I said, let me begin by wishing each and every one of you a very Merry Christmas. Right?  And I can think of no better Christmas present for the American people than giving you a massive tax cut. That is what's happening. 
And your Senate and your House hopefully very shorty will have those approvals. Those heads will go up and you will be paying a lot less tax. So, congratulations. I hope. They got to vote and I think they will. I can't wait to sign that tax cut great for so many. But great for the middle class. We're going to put it into law. We're going to cap off an incredible first year in office.
There has been no first year like this. Or at least just about -- no, I think the answer is no. But I have to be very accurate because of the fake news back there. 
Thank you. In our campaign for the presidency, we defied the pundits, the politicians, and the special interests because ours was a movement of the people and it really was. It was a movement of you. It was a movement of the people. It was a movement to make America great again. It's happening. It's happening. And by the way, how are your 401(k)s doing? Not too bad, right? 
Over the weekend, I was in New York City. And I love to say hello to our folks in uniform whether it's the military, whether it's law enforcement. And we had people backstage and I always want to take my time. And a man comes up. He was a police officer in New York City. The first time anyone said this to me. He said, Mr. President, I want to thank you. My family thinks I'm a financial genius. My 401(k) is up 39 percent in nine months. 
I think it's going to be very hard for somebody to beat us in a few years. Can you imagine now? We are only talking about a few years. All you have to say is, with us it goes up with them, it goes down and that's the end of the election. Right? 
Everyone is doing well and it's going to be a lot better. We are going to do better and better. We are going to make our country great again. And we are looking at our country now as America first. America first.  So tonight we are going to speak straight to the American people and cut right through the fake news media. Right through. Right through. 
Right through. We're going to speak the plain truth and really the truth that you just want to hear. You have to hear. They don't want to hear. But, and by the way, did you see all the corrections the media has been making? They're saying sorry, we made -- they have been doing that all year. They never apologize.
Maybe that comes with being the President. I don't know. They have been apologizing left and right. They took this fraudster from ABC. They suspended him for a month. They should have fired him for what he wrote. 
He drove the stock market down 350 points in minutes which, by the way, tells you they really like me, right? When you think of it. And you know what he cost people? And I said to everybody, get yourself a lawyer and sue ABC News. Sue them. 
And then CNN apologized just a little while ago. They apologized, oh thank you CNN, thank you so much. You should have been apologizing for the last two years. 
True. What a group. What a group. But since the election and then I am going to argue with this. We created 2.2 million new jobs. Factories are coming back to our country. You know we have factories pouring back into our country? Did you ever think you would hear that? I used to tell you that's going to happen. See now there is consequences when companies close up their factories and move to another country, make a product and sell it right through.
They have consequences now. And by the way those consequences are getting very steep. And they are going up. There is no more of that stuff. There is no more. In November alone, you saw this today we added 228,000 jobs. I watched these anchors they were devastated. Oh, what's going on? And honestly we have a long way to go. We are going to do much better than this and I have been saying it.
Including another 33,000 new jobs in manufacturing. You hear that, right? Hispanic unemployment is the lowest ever recorded. Any Hispanics here? Any Hispanics? Any Hispanics? You guys were great. Remember? They weren't going to vote for me because, I'm going to build the wall but they want the wall, too. They want security.  Oh, we're going to have the wall. Don't worry.
They want security. How about the Cuban population in Miami? Well, we have Cubans here tonight, good. Was the number 86 percent in favor of Trump? A tremendous percentage. Total unemployment is now at a 17-year low. Think of that. Not bad. Not bad after 10 months. It's only going to get better. Listen to this one. This is to me maybe the most important because it's all psychological to a large extent and that's what creates great news. Consumer confidence is at 17-year high. Think of that.
It was not like that in your last administration. Economic growth last quarter surged to 3.3 percent. You know it. You know where it was, right? When we started, you know where it was? Bingo. 3.3 percent and it's going a lot higher. You know, I used to hear you will never hit three. You will never hit 2.5. You figure maybe 2.3, 2.4. If we didn't have the hurricanes last quarter, we would have hit four percent and everybody back there would have said that's impossible.
We had a little -- couple of hurricanes. You heard about it, right? You heard about it? The stock market is hitting an all-time high record for another -- and think of this. Eighty six times since Election Day, 86 times. 
It hit a record. Eighty six times. And we're going to keep it going. And then you look at all of the money you folks are making. Oh, I wish I could take 10 or 15 percent. But I think you are not going to do that. But it's getting bigger and bigger. Your pensions are getting bigger and bigger. Your pension funds, all of those things are happening. And wait until you see what we're doing. Tax cuts.
But wait until you see what we are doing with healthcare. Wait until you see. You're going to be happy. Not the ObamaCare nightmare. Not ObamaCare nightmare. It's not that nightmare where your premiums are a disaster, right? They are a disaster.
Now we have it going you watch we have some very good things happening with respect to healthcare. And the taxes are a part of it. And you will see what happens right after taxes, you will going to see what happens. Because with taxes something great is going to get announced. We're getting rid of the individual mandate. That individual mandate. 
Where you pay a lot of money for the privilege of not having to have insurance or healthcare. So you pay for the privilege of not getting taken care of. Isn't that a wonderful thing? And we're going to repeal it. 
Since the election, we have created more than $5 trillion in new economic wealth just in the stock market alone. We are not including real estate and other values, $5 trillion. And we are finally rebuilding our country, defending our citizens and fighting for our great American workers. 
We're putting America first by renegotiating trade deals. We are renegotiating NAFTA. We are renegotiating our horrendous deal with South Korea. I kept you out of the TPP which would have been a total disaster for you and for everybody else. And we're making individual deals with these countries. You know, when you get tied into 12 countries or 22 countries or 18 countries, you are stuck.
It's a spider web. It's like this. If you have 16 good ones and two bad ones as an example, you can't do it. You can't get out. When you have a deal one-on-one. Nice simple deal. We have a deal with Japan or we have a deal with South Korea or we have a deal with whoever it may be if they don't treat us right, we send them what's called a letter of termination.  These people always say, oh TPP. You have all these countries tied. And you can't terminate. You are tied into all the good ones. 
Thank you very much. I appreciate it. So, you can't do what you have to do. So you send out a letter of termination. You give them a 60- day notice or a 30-day notice or even a six month notice. They then come back because we're the big piggy bank that everybody likes robbing. The whole world robs it. So they then come back and they say, can we negotiate? Can we make a better deal than we had in the first place, right?
But you can't do that when you have many countries tied in. You can't -- I call it a spider's web. There is a lot of Washington lobbyists, bureaucrats, politicians who don't want to see things changed. They have made fortune. Areas around Washington, D.C. are the richest areas in this country. You saw it the other night. A list came out. We have five areas that are among the richest areas in the country.
That's because everybody is making a fortune and people outside of that area are paying for the money they are making we're not going to have it. They like things the way things used to be. They don't like it so much now. Although, I must tell you they are doing well also. They're doing well also. Their stocks are going up. I don't know if there is anything I can do to prevent it for those people. But they call themselves the resistance. Do you ever see these signs resist. Resist. 
I love these guys. Look at these guys, blacks for Trump. I love you. I love you. I love you.  By the way, now that you bring it up black home ownership just hit the highest level it's ever been in the history of our country. Congratulations.  Oh, these resisters resist. Hillary resisted and do you know what happened? She lost the election in a landslide. 
But you know what they are really resisting? They are resisting the will of the American people. That's what they are resisting. 
Look, it's being proven we have a rigged system. It doesn't happen so easy. But this system, there will be a lot of changes. This is a rigged - - this is a rigged system. This is a sick system from the inside.
And, you know, there is no country like our country but we have a lot of sickness in some of our institutions and we're working very hard. We have a lot of them straightened out. But we do have, we really do. We have a rigged system in this country that we have to change it. Terrible. Terrible.
They are resisting progress. They're resisting change. Because the only thing they really care about is protecting what they have been able to do, which is really control the country and not to your benefit. By the way, wages starting to go up. First time in 20 years starting to go up. That's all going to happen. That's all going to happen. 
That's all going to happen. That's just a part of what's going on. But I am going to do something better than that. We are going to have choice. Now, we have choice in education now. We are starting that. Right? And I thought of it the other day. We're going to have choice in jobs so that you don't have one job and hang on even though you don't like it.
You can have choice where can you take five jobs, six jobs, seven jobs, pick the one you like at the most money. That's what is starting to happen because the jobs are coming in. That's what is starting to happen.
Thanks to General Mattis and the military leaders and the allies. Mad Dog. Mad Dog Mattis.  Mad Dog Mattis. Thanks to Mad Dog Mattis that we have great military leaders. ISIS is being dealt one brutal defeat after another. You see it. Not only are we defeating these killers, these savage killers, horrible, horrible, you don't even want to say people. These are savage killers. Over there but we sure as hell don't want them to come over here. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 
You know, they come back to some countries and they come in. We are making it a very difficult process. We had such weakness. They go out, kill people. And then they come back and they go back home to mom and dad. Okay? Before they went nutso and start over here, we are making it very difficult. You see what's being happens. We are watching every single one.
We have thousands of people right now under surveillance. Surveillance. That sounds familiar. That sounds familiar. Remember what I suggested something like that everyone said Trump, why does he say? Well, it turns out I was right about that one, wasn't I? 
America is being respected again abroad and we are taking care of our citizens at home. And we're going to have safety. And we have got a lot more now. We are getting rid of the M.S. 13 animals. 
We're going to have safety again. Because America is more than just a place on a map. America is a nation, America is a family. America is ours to love and to cherish and to protect and to take care of and that's what we're doing, we're going to take care of this country for our children and our grandchildren and our great grandchildren. And we're not going to let people come in to our country who are going to destroy our country. 
And that may or may not be politically correct. But honestly, I don't care. We have to do the right thing. We have to do the right thing.  Our agenda is pro-family, pro-police, pro-worker, and 100 percent pro- American. 
That's why I recently withdrew the United States from the United Nations plan for global governance of immigration and refugee policy. No borders. They have a plan, no borders. I heard about it recently. I said, what are you talking about, no borders? No borders. No borders. Everybody can come in. If you don't mind, I rejected that plan. Is that okay? 
I told them not only do we want no borders. We want the strongest borders you have ever seen. We're going to have such borders. We'll have borders on top of borders. American is a sovereign country. We set our immigration rules. We don't listen to foreign bureaucrats. We don't listen to other countries telling us how we should be running our immigration. Thank you very much.  We're also getting smart and tough on trade. I have been talking about this for a long time. It's one of the reasons I'm here. One of the reasons I'm president. We are renegotiating the disastrous trade agreements of NAFTA, of South Korea, of so many others. We are making great deals. We're going to hopefully keep NAFTA but there is a chance we won't. And that's okay. That's okay. How many factories have left for Mexico? How many factories? 
So we right now have a trade deficit with Mexico of $71 billion and that doesn't include all the drugs that pour in over the border because we don't have a wall, et cetera. Okay? $71 billion. Seventy one billion. So, we have, think of it, we have a trade deficit with Mexico of $71 billion. We have a pretty good trade deficit with Canada. They were saying, we have a surplus with Canada.
I said, no, and I like the prime minister very much. Prime Minister Trudeau, nice guy. Good guy. No, I like him. But we had a meeting. He said no, no. You have a trade surplus. I said no, we don't. He said no, no, you have a trade surplus. I said, Mr. Prime Minister, we do not. He said how, do you know? I said, because we don't have a surplus with anybody. We have the worst deals. He said I'm telling you that Canada has a deficit with the United States. I told my people, in front of a lot of people.
I said, go out and check. And he was right except he forgot two categories, lumber, timber and energy. Other than that, he was right. When you add them all together, we actually have a $71 billion deficit with Canada. Right? So, he forgot a couple of categories that he didn't want to mention. I heard it with other countries too. I just got back from Asia. I brought back $300 billion worth of deals. Worth of deals. 
And that number is going to go a lot higher. And these are numbers that are going to produce a lot of jobs in our country. And that's what we have to be doing. We are going to end the theft of American intellectual property, crack down on China's trade abuses, and confront countries that cheat, of which many of them are in that category sadly.
We will buy back our country. We will take back our country. We will make those great trade deals and we will have unbelievable amounts of jobs created and factories created. 
And we will do what other countries do. We will start buying American. We want to buy our product. And we will start hiring American. And we will say American and be proud of it and that's what's happening more and more. That's why I see all those red hats and those white hats. I love those hats. 
That is why one of my very first acts as president was to withdraw the United States from the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership. Had to do it. We have also cancelled the one job killing regulation that you see after another. One after another, beating the mark of any previous president.
Now, we have -- there was a great article in the "Wall Street Journal"" the other day
You know who was right up there? Honest Abe Lincoln. Can you believe it?  He was a regulation cutter. Can you believe it? Abe Lincoln was a regulation cutter. Who would've known that?
I said, you mean I beat Abraham Lincoln? That's pretty good for 10 months. I don't know if regulations sound so glamorous but tell you it's very important. But we have a lot of others. We have statutory requirements where you have to give a 90-day notice and then another 90-day notice, then you have a cooling-off period then you have to give a 30-day notice. They're all in the works.
And you going to see a lot more cutting of regulations. But we've done more than any other president and it's not even close - and we haven't even started. And as promised - and I used to come out here - I've been here three times - I love it. I just keep coming back. I just keep coming back.  Oh boy, oh boy. I'll tell you. When we were doing well during that beautiful election night - when we were doing well all over Florida I said, was the Pensacola area included yet? And they said, no. I said, guess what, we just won that election. 
Right. And as promised, remember? I announced that I would withdraw America - the United States - from the horrible, for us - good for other countries - it's great for other countries - from the horrible Paris Climate Accord.  Cost us a fortune.
So, China doesn't start until around 2030, I think. Russia doesn't have to go back to like a recent date. Go back to somewhere in the 1990s which was a high-pollution time. Other countries we end up giving money to. This would've been one of the great catastrophes - and I could come back into the deal at a much better price. They'd love me back in.
I could come back into the Paris Accord - and I like the people. I really like Emmanuel. I like so many of the people involved but I could come back - it's like - I don't get it. I don't see it. I want clean air. I want crystal clear and clean water and I want things that they won't have - and I don't want to pay the kind of numbers that you're talking about.
If we stayed with those numbers, we would have had to close factories and businesses in order to qualify by 2025. Can you imagine, ladies and gentlemen, we're violating the accord. In the meantime, some of those countries are spewing stuff out that you wouldn't believe - and we would be closing up. Now we could maybe change the deal but then we get sued by all the groups that sue. You know in China - they don't see China; nobody sues. With us, they sue.
I approved - immediately thereafter we took office the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipeline; right? 48,000 jobs. We've lifted the restrictions on American energy including shale, oil, natural gas and clean beautiful coal of which we have 1000 years of supply and we're putting miners back to work.
Did you see West Virginia? I love West Virginia. West Virginia. I love West Virginia. So, West Virginia people were saying - trouble - coal will never come back. In the meantime, they're buying it in Vietnam from us. The president of Vietnam said, that is the finest coal we've ever purchased. They're buying it from us.
So, West Virginia - the numbers just have - great Governor of West Virginia. The numbers just come out - West Virginia had the biggest percentage increase in GDP of any state in our union except for Texas; it was second. How's that? How's that?
They said, oh coal will never come back. Now we're opening up lines and we're drilling and we're doing all sorts of things. And the windmills are wonderful, but you know what, when the wind doesn't blow they really do cause problems. We have no energy this week - well, hopefully the wind will start blowing pretty soon.
We are pursuing American energy dominance. And by the end of this year we will be totally self-sufficient. we will be major exporters of energy. We will take in massive amounts of money. We will start paying off our $20 trillion in debt.  My administration is also leading the charge to rebuild our military. Our military, right? 
We're supporting our troops and their wonderful military families, including those right here in the cradle of Naval aviation, the home of the legendary Blue Angels, people don't realize that. 
By the way, can those people fly or what? How about Naval Air Station Pensacola? Good place, right? And it's really time. This isn't a Republican thing or Democratic thing or anything. It's time for Democrats in Congress to drop the threats of shutdowns of government and support a clean appropriations bill that fully supports and funds our military. We can't play games anymore. 
We can't play games. And don't forget, we make the greatest missiles, the greatest military equipment anywhere in the world. Nobody is close. And what does it also mean? And to me it's secondary in this case, but what does it also mean? Jobs, jobs.
But we are building our military stronger and by the time I decide to go off into the wild blue yonder, you're going to have the strongest military this country has ever had by far. 
It's wrong and dangerous for congressional Democrats to hold troop funding hostage for amnesty, letting people pour into our country, we don't know who they are. We don't know where they come from. You saw what happened with beautiful Kate Steinle. This guy, he said he didn't know it was a gun. Oh, he didn't know. Oh, he didn't know. He didn't know it was a gun. That's his new line.
Do you notice the federal government came in and brought another suit against him, right?  We'll come after him. That was a total miscarriage of justice. He didn't know it was a gun.
The real changes that we are facing are the drugs and the gangs pouring into our country, the millions of people overstaying their visas, chain migration that cost taxpayers billions and billions of dollars, and sanctuary cities that set free violent criminal aliens all over our country and protect them. 
People come in and they are not necessarily good like the man that ran over -- the animal that ran over many people in New York City the other day. You saw that, two months ago. He runs over people. Goes on a beautiful -- I know it so well, the West Side Highway. I know it so well. So beautiful. People running, jogging, trying to get in shape.
He killed many people, ran them over. Chain migration. According to chain migration, he may have as many as 22 to 24 people that came in with him, his grandfather, his grandmother, his mother, his father, his brothers, his sisters. We have to end chain migration. We have to end chain migration. 
I mean, you go to Kate, who was such a beautiful young American woman, killed on a pier in San Francisco in the prime of her life. She was killed by this guy, an illegal alien who had been deported five times and convicted seven times of felonies. I guess they weren't allowed to mention this in court. They weren't allowed to mention.
Don't worry, we're right in there. But he was roaming free to threaten innocent Americans like Kate because of our porous borders and because San Francisco is a sanctuary city. In other words, a city run by politicians who would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens.
I mean, let me give you another example. The city of Chicago, what the hell is going on in Chicago? There are those that say that Afghanistan is safer than Chicago, OK? What is going on? Do you know what's wrong with Chicago? Weak, ineffective politicians, Democrats that don't want to force restrictions.
And don't -- and by the way, Chicago, for those of you that are going to say, guns, guns, Chicago has the toughest gun laws in the United States, OK? Just in case you were thinking about -- you know, they immediately say, oh, you have got to take away -- well, Chicago has the toughest gun laws in the United States.
So we're asking Democrats in Congress to cease their obstruction and do the right thing, end sanctuary cities.  Stop the carnage. Save the innocent lives. We have also begun the process of building the wall on the southern border. 
And we are empowering our immigration officers to do their job. And they are doing a great job. ICE and Border Patrol agents are working so hard, and they endorsed us for the election. I say us, because it's really not me, it's us all together, it's us, it's us, we are a group, a big group, a big beautiful group. All you have to do is look around here.  Just look around 
I just said just look around, and the first thing I see is that big beautiful merry Christmas sign. I mean, can you believe it?  Remember I told you two years ago when we started, I said -- and it was summer, but I said, you know, we are going to say merry Christmas, but let me just tell you, the department stores, right, they had the beautiful red walls, they had snowflakes all over the place, they had everything. Only one thing missing, the words merry Christmas. They are using those words again. Do you notice? They are using those words again. 
But one by one we are finding the illegal alien drug dealers, the gang members, the thieves, the criminals, and the killers preying on our children, preying on everybody, and we are throwing them the hell out of our country or we are putting them in prison. 
And because our borders now are strong as they should be, and they are going to get much stronger, we will not let these people back in.  It's time for Congress to adopt a pro-American immigration agenda. Every member of Congress should be asked where they stand on these issues. Blocking funds to sanctuary cities. I don't want to give sanctuary cities money. Passing Kate's law to put repeat offenders behind bars for a long period of time. 
Increasing the number of ICE officers, who are fantastic, and Border Patrol officers so we can dismantle vile criminal gangs like, as I said, MS-13, animals.  Ensuring that new immigrants to our country are financially self- sufficient and will not be on welfare the day they come in. 
And as I said, ending chain migration. We want a system that is merit-based. They come in on merit. They don't come in a lottery system. How about the lottery system, folks? Do you see that? 
That's the guy in New York City, the lottery system, where they put names in a bin. You know, you think these countries are legit when they do their lottery system. So what they do, I would say, but more than just saying, they take their worst and they put them in the bin. And then when they pick the lottery, they have the real worst in their hands, oh, here we go. And we end up getting them. No more lottery system. We are going to end that. We have already started the process. 
We want people coming into our country who love our people, support our economy, and embrace our values. It's time to get our priorities straight.
This guy is screaming, we want Roy Moore. He is right.  Democrats in Congress want open borders, higher taxes, and government-run health care that doesn't work. Costs a fortune, doesn't work. They are soft on crime. And they want to suffocate our economy with socialist-style regulation. Raise your taxes through the sky, they don't want to vote for our tax cuts because they want the -- they want tax increases.
That's why we need a Republican in the House. We need a Republican in the Senate. We need more of them.  And by the way, just so I can satisfy this gentleman out there. How many people here are from the great state of Alabama? 
Whoa. Well, I have to say this, look, I have to. We have to be fair. So did you see what happened today? You know the yearbook? Did you see that? There was a little mistake made. She started writing things in the yearbook. Oh, what are we going to do? Gloria Allred, anytime you see her you know something's going wrong.
We cannot afford -- this country, the future of this country, cannot afford to lose a seat in the very, very close United States Senate. We can't afford it, folks. We can't. 
We can't afford to have a liberal Democrat who is completely controlled by Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer. We can't do it. Can't do it.  His name is Jones and he is their total puppet. And everybody knows it. He will never ever vote for us. We need somebody in that Senate seat who will vote for our make America great again agenda, which involves tough on crime, strong on borders, strong on immigration
We want great people coming into our country. Building the wall. Strengthening our military. Continuing our great fight for our veterans. I love our veterans.  We -- right? We love our veterans. We want conservative judges like Judge Gorsuch on the Supreme Court. Doing a great job, too. We want people that are going to protect your gun rights, great trade deals instead of the horrible deals. 
And we want jobs, jobs, jobs. So get out and vote for Roy Moore.  Do it. Do it. Do it. Working with Republicans in Congress, we have already signed 88 pieces of legislation. We get no credit. They always say, well, you know -- President Trump really needs this tax bill, because he hasn't passed any legislation.
Well, so far, in 10 months, we've passed more during this period of time than any other President in the history of our country. And the second -- let's call runner-up -- is Harry Truman was second. So we passed all of this, including, including the long-awaited Veterans Accountability Act. You know what that is, right? David Shulkin, our Secretary, has done a great job. The VA was a mess, so many parts of our country...
Hey, they left me with North Korea. They left me with a mess in the Middle East. They left me with Afghanistan, which is -- was a disaster. We make a lot of progress in Afghanistan just like we have with getting ISIS out of Iraq, getting ISIS out of Syria, knocking the hell out of them. They left me with a mess. But we're cleaning up the mess, we're cleaning it up, and with time, we'll have it spinning like a top.
For decades, veterans have asked for a law to hold corrupt and incompetent employees and the VA accountable, but it never happened. Then, we got it done, this piece of legislation... for decades, they wanted it. You couldn't fire anybody at the VA if they were sadists, if they were horrible people, if they wouldn't show up to work, you couldn't fire anybody.
Now, we look at them, they're no good, we say you're fired, get out of here.  And I must tell you: I can't believe that Arnold Schwarzenegger bombed so badly on The Apprentice. My poor, beautiful, show. It was so successful. We get a big movie star and he can't pull it off.
We are respecting Americans heroes, and rebuilding America's standing. All over the world, they're respecting us again. When I came into office, we inherited all of these problems, all around the globe. Years of America projecting weakness, not going over the red line. If we went over the red line, you wouldn't have had Russia and Iran going into Syria, but you know what? He said: you're never going to do it. Don't ever violate the red line.
They violated the red line. He did nothing. So Russia went in, and Iran went in. But you know what? We had 59 missiles -- and they use gas -- and we said you can't do that and we hit them -- our great military -- from ships 700 miles away, 59 missiles and 59 perfect hits. 
And we've stopped apologizing for America, and we have started defending the reputation of the United States, finally.  To prevent Iran from ever obtaining a nuclear weapon, I recently declined to certify the disaster known as the Iran nuclear deal, a total disaster. How about that deal? How about that thing?
We give them a $150 billion right? We give them a $150 billion, but here's the thing... smaller money, but think of this. We give them $1.8 billion in cash. I mean, I like green. In fact, it was so much cash, that they had to go to other countries also because we didn't have enough cash in Washington DC. They loaded up planes with cash. Can you believe, the president has that kind of power. I don't want to ever try it. No, but can you believe that the presidency has the power to send bushel loads of cash to Iran, probably for hostages, probably -- $1.8 billion, probably for hostages. So sad, We don't do that. We don't do that anymore.
As part of the campaign of maximum pressure on the vile dictatorship of North Korea, we have imposed the toughest ever sanctions passed by the United Nations Security Council, and we have a lot of other sanctions. But you know, I don't know that sanctions are going to work with him. We got to give it a shot. You know, we'll see.
Who knows? I just tell you folks, you're in good hands. That's all I can say. That's all I can say.  And I've strengthened our relationships with America's allies, and asked other NATO members to pay their fair share. And now the money is pouring in. The money is pouring in. Remember I went to NATO a year ago and these fake people back here, they were saying Donald Trump's performance at NATO was unacceptable.
You know why? You know why they said it? Because I told the people of NATO standing right behind me, while they were standing behind me, they've been delinquent, they haven't been paying. I said you go ta pay, you gotta pay, you gotta pay. And now they've taken in, because of that -- and I guess I applied if you don't pay we're out of there, right -- and I took more heat from the press. They said: Donald Trump was rude to our allies. Well, they're rude to us when they don't pay, right?  They're rude to us.
So we'll have a nation that doesn't pay. Then the nation gets frisky with whoever, Russia. So we have a nation doesn't pay. The nation gets aggressive. We end up in World War III for somebody that doesn't even pay. You think they think we're geniuses? So here's what's happened. In the last short period of time, Stoltenberg, who's the the head of NATO, he's my biggest fan in the whole world, because he couldn't get anybody to pay.
We've taken in $11 billion extra, and going into 2020 or 2021, we will have taken in $33 billion extra, and they aren't even doing what they should be doing, just so you understand, it's terrible, the way our country has been disrespected. But we will be disrespected no longer, okay? 
Now tomorrow morning, you'll see from these fakers back there, Donald Trump again disrespects NATO. I don't disrespect them. I think NATO's wonderful. But you know what, we're paying for. 80% of NATO, could be higher. They say 72%. So we're paying for 80% of NATO. Now I can only tell you one thing: it helps them a hell of a lot more than it helps us, okay?
And they should pay. Germany's paying 1%. We're paying 4%. Explain that one to me, right? And Germany has unsustainable cash flow. I read a report. Ttheir cash flow is unsustainable. So I said to Angela, I said, Angela send a little of that cash flow our way. And she said, but Donald -- because we're protecting them -- we have 40,000 soldiers in Germany. Nobody even knows that. I said, Angela,  let us have some . She said Donald, the German people wouldn't be happy with that. I said, well, you know what the American people aren't happy with the way we have it now, okay?  The American people aren't happy.
And at home,  we're restoring the rule of law. We're interpreting the Constitution, as written, defending the Second Amendment. You'll keep your guns. And protecting religious liberty. We are protecting religious liberty, and we're getting rid of the Johnson amendment. We've stopped the government's attacks on our Judeo-Christian values, because we know that families and churches, not government officials, know best how to create a strong and loving community. We know that.
Getting rid of the Johnson amendment, study that up. That's a big thing. That's a big thing. A lot of people are very, very happy about that. We know that parents, not bureaucrats, know best how to raise their children, and to nurture their children. . And, above all else, we know this, America, doesn't worship, government, we worship God. 
All of us here tonight are united by the same values. We love our country, and we are proud of our history. We are so proud of this country. We honor our heritage and we treasure our freedom. We support our incredible men and women of law enforcement. 
We believe the United States military is the greatest force for justice in the history of the world, and we are going to take care of it, and we are going to properly fund it, and we are going to have the finest weapons, because when we do all of that we are much, much safer, and far less likely to have to use them. It's amazing how that works, isn't it?
We believe that every American should stand for the national anthem --  --  and we proudly pledge allegiance to one nation under God.  Our rights come from our Creator, and no earthly force can ever take those rights away, and they never will. That is why my administration is taking power back from global bureaucrats and returning that power back to the American people, and you see it all the time. You see it economically, you see it at the church. You see it in every different way.
We don't sing a global anthem, our troops don't wear a foreign uniform and we will never surrender our rights to international tribunals. We won't do that.  We proudly sing the star-spangled banner. Our brave troops, fight and die for the red, white and blue, and we protect and preserve the American Constitution that we cherish. I've said it so often that my job is not to be President of the world.
My job is to be President of the United States of America.  Yet there are powerful forces, in Washington, trying to sabotage our movement. These are bad people. These are very, very bad and evil people. They know who they are. These are the people who made their money, their names, their careers, their power off the corrupt and broken system, and they liked it the other way. So they will do anything, at any time, and they'll never stop.
But you know what we're stopping them. You're seeing that right now, you're seeing that right now, we're stopping them. It's corrupt, it's rigged and we're stopping them. They will lie and leak and smear, because they don't want to accept the results of an election where we won by a landslide. Do you remember? There is no way for Donald Trump to get 270.
There, we heard that for week after week -- what they're doing is the fake news, it's called suppression. Just like they give the fake polls, I call it fake news, fake polls. A poll came out today on CNN. Such a fake. A poll came out. They will have to apologize for that one. Another one came out that was through the roof but it wasn't on CNN.
But I will tell you, look, look, we need honesty. We need some love in the country. I would love to bring both sides together if that's possible. There is a lot of hatred out there. But I would love to be able to bring both sides together. 
But remember this, the same failed voices in Washington who opposed our movement right from the beginning are the same people who have undermined the credibility of our government institutions. They are the same ones who gave us one terrible trade deal after another, and one foreign policy blunder and disaster after another, with no accountability and no apology.
The Washington insiders who oppose our movement are the same people who sacrificed our sovereignty, our wealth, our borders, look at our country, we owe $20 trillion, think of it. We have spent, as of two months ago, almost $7 trillion in the Middle East. And do you know what we have? We have nothing. It's worse than it was 17 years ago when they started.
These are the people that fight us. And if I want to fix up the roads in this country, they say, oh, well, we don't want to spend money for that, it's a tiny fraction. We could have, with that 7 trillion, not billion, $7 trillion, we could have rebuilt our country three times over. They've had their chance at running this country and they failed.
So I think I speak for everyone here tonight, and I appreciate your being here, especially in numbers where you can't even get into the corners, when I proudly say... 
You know the beautiful thing, I was telling some of my friends backstage, the amazing thing about this and all the people that couldn't get in, when an election is over, they tell me, what do I know? I wasn't - - I have been a politician for a little more than two years. So what do I know? Although I'm doing a good job, I guess, right? I'm president. I'm President. 
But -- but, it's sort of incredible, you look at everybody, you see everybody, you see the love in the room, and you see what's going on with everything. And you say to yourself, this is truly a country that respects -- they say that when you don't have an election -- the election is over. There is no competition. There is no nothing. Although we always have the deep seats inside.
But, it's over. They say you can't draw a crowd. In other words, when an election ends, you can't draw flies. They say -- look at this place. Look at this place. 
I will never forget on the trail, I would go, we would have 20,000, 25,000. We went to Mobile, Alabama, we had 49,000 people.  We went to Michigan the night of the election. I got there, started speaking at 12:30 in the evening. That means it was already Election Day. We had 32,000 people there. Michigan hadn't been won in many, many years by a Republican. Hillary Clinton went there in an emergency because she was told that day that she was doing badly in Michigan.
She went there. She had a crowd of like 600 people. I had 32,000 people at 1:00 in the morning. I said, why are we not going to win? Why are we not going to win? And we won.  We went to Wisconsin, hasn't been won in many, many years. Do you remember that? We went to Wisconsin, hadn't been won in many, many years. She decided not to go. Thank you very much, Hillary. 
I guess the Russians advised her not to go, you know.  But she decided not to go. And her husband supposedly said, you better go to Wisconsin. You better go to Michigan, I don't like what I'm seeing, I was in Michigan and I was driving down the street and they have a Trump/Pence sign on every single lawn all the way to the arena, you had better go there. 
And she said no, no, no, my bunch of dummies -- bunch of dummies. You know, I don't get credit for one thing. It always bothered me. I spent a tiny fraction of what she spent and we won. You know, the old days, if you spend less and you win, that's a good thing. Over here, you don't get any credit for it.
We spent 25 or 30 percent. She was at, what number, 2.2 billion, I understand, 2.2 billion. Do you think -- do you think those consultants made a couple of bucks on that election? Didn't she spend 12.4 million on a dossier that was a total phony, right, 12.4 million?  Boy.
So we spent a tiny fraction, think of it, a tiny fraction of the money and we won. But we won because of people like you.  Because of people like you. And I will tell you what, if the Democrats had won that election, instead of being up 39 points in your 401(k)s, you would be down 50 percent from Election Day, I'm telling you, because it was ready to go down the tubes. I will tell you that. 
Thank you, man. So we don't need the advice from the Washington swamp. We need to drain the swamp and we're going to do it and we are doing it. 
That's why I don't really care about all the bitter attacks, all the phony stuff going on. Big media, special interests, phonies all. They are not here to protect you. They are only here to preserve and to protect themselves. And you are finding that out.
I had a great life before I did this. Oh, think of where I would be right now if I didn't do this, I'd be very happy, believe me. But I wanted to do it, and I wanted to give back, and I saw what was happening, and I've always been good at doing the money thing. I saw what was happening to our country, and it wasn't good. It wasn't good. 
I took this job on behalf of the forgotten men and women of our country. But guess what? They are forgotten no more.  No more. People came out of areas -- you know, they didn't think you existed. You know that, right? Remember? And do you remember the word deplorable? How brilliant was that? I was watching her with that speech. And she was reading a teleprompter, yet. And she said "deplorables."" And I said
She is talking about a lot of people. Little did I know, I was right. That thing blew up. That was one of the reasons she lost. And now we are all proud deplorables. We're proud deplorables. 
Very proud. Your voice will never ever be ignored again. They are all going to be coming after you for every election from now on in this country. You will never be ignored again. Your dreams are my dreams. Your hopes are my hopes. And your future is what I am fighting for each and every day. 
We're just getting started. We're on the verge of passing that wonderful, beautiful tax cut. It's the biggest in the history of our country. It doubles the amount of income taxed at the rate of zero. It lowers tax rate. It expands the child -- you know that, the child tax credit so broadly. It provides relief from the estate tax, also known as the death tax.
It cuts small business taxes. It reduces the corporate rate, very importantly, from 35 percent, which is the highest in the industrialized world, all the way down to 20 percent. You're going to have new companies coming in. You're going to have jobs, jobs, jobs. And it brings corporate money from overseas back where it belongs. And we're talking about possibly in excess of $4 trillion that we can finally bring back.
The typical family of four earning $75,000 will see an income tax cut of up to $2,000 cutting their tax bill in half. People don't know it. And they don't want to report it. These people don't want to report it.
Our business tax cut is expected to raise annual income for the typical household by more than $4,000. They don't want to tell you that. They don't want to tell you that, fake news. Our plan means more companies will move to America, stay in America, and hire in America.
We want every American to know the dignity of work, the pride of a paycheck, and the satisfaction of a job well done.  The Democrats in Washington want to grow our welfare rolls that you're going to pay for. They want to grow all sorts of things that you don't want to even think about. I want to grow our employment rolls with great jobs, well-paying jobs, jobs of dignity, jobs where people love waking up in the morning and going to work. And that's happening.
So we're going to lift our people from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. We will restore hope to our struggling rural communities and to our inner cities where we are making progress. We are making progress.
We will build new roads and bridges and tunnels and highways all throughout our land. Factories will come roaring back to life. New works of iron and steel will be forged from fire and from spark and from our country. And they will be made with American muscle, American hands, and most importantly, American heart. 
And these creations will be branded with a very simple but very beautiful phrase, made in the USA.  We have it in our power to build this future together, a future of patriotism, prosperity and pride. We all share one home and one glorious destiny. And whether we are young or old -- I feel very young, do you feel young? 
Whether we are from the city or the country, and whether we are black or brown or white, you've heard it before, we all bleed the same red blood.  We all salute the same great American flag.  And we are all made by the same almighty God.  We are the nation that dug out the Panama Canal, won two world wars, put a man on the moon, and brought communism to its knees. 
As long as we have the courage of our convictions, and the strength to see them through, then there is no goal beyond our reach. As long as we are true to our values, loyal to our citizens, and faithful to our God, then we will not fail. 
This is your land. This is your home. And it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, fight, fight for the change you have been waiting for your entire life, for the change that you already see happening. Our revolution didn't end on November 8th. That was just the beginning. 
The greatest adventure still lies ahead. Never give in, never give up, never back down, and never ever stop dreaming. 
Because we are Americans and the future belongs to us. The future belongs to all of you. So with American pride swelling in our hearts and American courage stirring in our souls, I say these words tonight, together we will, indeed, make America strong again. 
We will make America proud again.  We will make America wealthy again.  We will make America safe again.  And put it all together and what do we have? We will make America great again. Thank you. God bless you. God bless America. Thank you, everybody.
Yeah, I'll be talking about him. I can tell you one thing for sure: We don't need a liberal person in there, a Democrat -- Jones. I've looked at his record. It's terrible on crime. It's terrible on the border. It's terrible on the military. I can tell you for a fact, we do not need somebody that's going to be bad on crime, bad on borders, bad with the military, bad for the Second Amendment.
Well, he denies it. Look, he denies it. I mean, if you look at what is really going on, and you look at all the things that have happened over the last 48 hours, he totally denies it. He says it didn't happen. And, you know, you have to listen to him also. You're talking about, he said 40 years ago this did not happen. So, you know --
I'll be letting you know next week. But I can tell you, you don't need somebody who's soft on crime, like Jones.
Let me just tell you, Roy Moore denies it. That's all I can say. He denies it. And, by the way, he totally denies it.
Women are very special. I think it's a very special time because a lot of things are coming out, and I think that's good for our society, and I think it's very, very good for women. And I'm very happy a lot of these things are coming out, and I'm very happy it's being exposed.
I don't know -- look, I don't want to speak for Al Franken. I don't know what happened.
I just heard about Conyers two minutes ago. As far as Franken is concerned, he's going to have to speak for himself. I'd rather have him speak for himself.
We had a great call with President Putin. We're talking about peace in Syria -- very important. We're talking about North Korea. We had a call that lasted almost an hour and a half. We've just put out a release on the call. But we're talking very strongly about bringing peace for Syria. We're talking about very strongly about North Korea and Ukraine.
Well, I'm not going to get involved in litigation. But, personally, I've always felt that that was a deal that's not good for the country. I think your pricing is going to go up. I don't think it's a good deal for the country. But I'm not going to get involved. It's litigation. Thank you, everybody. Have a very great Thanksgiving.
Well, he denies. I mean, Roy Moore denies it. And, by the way, he gives a total denial. And I do have to say, 40 years is a long time. He's run eight races, and this has never comes up. So 40 years is a long time. The women are Trump voters; most of them are Trump voters. All you can do is, you have to do what you have to do. He totally denies it.
I do. I really do. I think they should. Thank you. Have a good Thanksgiving, everybody.
It's been a really great 12 days. And I made a lot of great friends. You've probably heard the closing remarks, but we made a lot of great friends. So we look forward to going back, but we really enjoyed it. We really enjoyed it.
No, we had a lunch, and I was able to make my final remarks at the lunch.
The opening remarks? I could give them to you if you want. (Laughter.)
Oh, the lunch was great. Everybody was there. They were delayed three hours, as you probably heard. There was a delay for some reason. But we had a lunch, and they let me make my opening -- my ending remarks at the lunch. So that was really great. But we're leaving pretty much on time I think. Right? How's that? Pretty much on time?
Very proud of it from a standpoint of security and safety, military -- very proud -- and trade. You will see numbers that you won't believe over the years. Because over a period of years, they will be treating us much differently than they have in the past.
People were taking advantage -- countries were taking advantage of the United States, more than just this region, but the world. And those days are over. We're going to be fair, we're going to be reciprocal. As I said in my remarks before: We will be reciprocal, meaning if they're doing it, we're doing it. And that's the way it's going to be.
Well, I think we made a lot of progress, just in terms of relationship. We actually sold $300 billion worth of equipment and other things. And I think that number is going to be quadrupled very quickly. So that's over a trillion dollars' worth of stuff.
I think we have done a really fantastic job. It's been a great trip. It's also been really good, in terms of North Korea and getting everybody together. I think their acts are all together. China has been excellent. Japan and South Korea have been excellent. I think that's a very important part of the trip.
And the other important part to me was trade and relationships. The Philippines is an unbelievably important military location because if you speak to the admirals and you speak to the generals, that's a perfect spot. And, as you know, we had no relationship for a long period of time in the Philippines, and now we have a very good relationship there.
We're back with the Philippines. So, strategically, we have a very important location -- maybe the most important strategic location in that area. So it's good.
We had a great time. I hope you guys are all okay. You all look well. Go to sleep for a little while, and we'll be around. We'll talk to you later.
The basketball players, by the way -- I know a lot of people are asking -- I will tell you, when I heard about it two days ago, I had a great conversation with President Xi. What they did was unfortunate. You know, you're talking about very long prison sentences. They do not play games.
He was terrific, and they're working on it right now. And hopefully everything is going to work out. And I know they're very grateful because they were told exactly what happened.
But it's a very, very rough situation with what happened to them. And I was with him -- yes, he is. And he's been terrific. President Xi has been terrific on that subject. But that was not a good subject. That was not something that should have happened. Okay, folks. Go rest.
Well, I think we're going to go into details of what I said. Were you there before, when I -- I think we'll be going into some more details as to what we're doing, as to what we accomplished. But, specifically, deals, concepts. And we'll be pinpointing things.
But, you know, it's minimum $300 billion, and that's going to be very quickly over a trillion dollars, that in itself. And I would say that's the least significant thing that we accomplished. I think one of the things we really accomplished big is relationship, and also letting people know that from now on, things are going to be reciprocal.
We can't have trade deficits of $30, $40, $50 billion; $300 billion in the case of China. We can't do that. We have to have reciprocal trade. What's good for them is good for us.
Well, relationship is always important. It doesn't mean it's necessarily close. It's really a relationship based on respect. To me, a relationship based on respect is much more important than anything else, including friendship.
Because this is really something -- they have to respect our country. And they have not respected our country for a long period of time. Thank you all very much. Have a good time. Thank you.
Everybody okay? Everybody happy? Everybody healthy? Two more days -- no problem.
It's been a -- I think it's been a great trip. In certain ways, it's been very epic. I think things have happened that have been really amazing. Prime Minister Abe came up to me just at the end, and he said that since you left South Korea and Japan, that those two countries are now getting along much, much better. That's from Prime Minister Abe -- that there's been a real bonding between South Korea and Japan. So that was great.
And we had a time in China. You were there. Were most of you there? Jennifer?
They say in the history of people coming to China, there's been nothing like that. And I believe it.
Did you see the show? Did most of you see the show or part of the show afterwards? It was incredible.
The opera was great too, but the following night -- that was the first time that theater has been used at the Forbidden City in over a hundred years. You know that. They prepared the theater for that -- the first time in over a hundred years.
No, it was an amazing -- we have an amazing feeling toward each other. And he's for China; I'm for USA. You know, it's one of those things. But we have a great feeling.
So it's been really very incredible. And then today was excellent. Today was a different kind of a thing. It's a conference.
And then tonight they're having a state dinner in Hanoi. And we then go to the Philippines, which was a rough trip the last time. That was a rough presidential trip, but this won't be. And we're staying the extra day because they have the two conferences; they have first day and they have the second day. And the second day, a lot of people say is very important. And I said, you know what, if I'm there, I should do it.
But it's gone really well. I've really enjoyed it. Developed some new friendships -- some really good friendships. But the three countries we've stopped in, the original three are -- they're really in our camp, and we're in their camp.
We issued a joint statement. We're going to be -- have you seen the statement yet?
So I think it'll go out. You'll see it in a little while.
It's going to save tremendous numbers of lives. And we did that very quickly. We agreed very quickly.
As you know, we saw each other last night just for a picture, and that was the first time. And then today we had a roundtable with numerous countries. You have a list of the countries, obviously. Right? You have a list.
And we spoke intermittently during that roundtable. We seem to have a very good feeling for each other and a good relationship considering we don't know each other well. I think it's a very good relationship.
We had two or three very short conversations because of the meeting, the fact that we're at a meeting. But during those conversations, we talked about Syria and de-conflicting, et cetera. You know, we have areas where troops are facing -- our troops -- I mean, their troops are facing our troops and there's nothing in between.
And we issued a statement -- a joint statement. It was just approved, and I think people are going to be extremely happy with it and also very impressed with it.
He said he didn't meddle. He said he didn't meddle. I asked him again. You can only ask so many times. But I just asked him again, and he said he absolutely did not meddle in our election. He did not do what they're saying he did. And he said --
Well, look, I can't stand there and argue with him. I'd rather have him get out of Syria, to be honest with you. I'd rather have him -- you know, work with him on the Ukraine than standing and arguing about whether or not -- because that whole thing was set up by the Democrats.
I mean, they ought to look at Podesta. They ought to look at all of the things that they've done with the phony dossier. Those are the big events. Those are the big events.
But Putin said he did not do what they said he did. And, you know, there are those that say, if he did do it, he wouldn't have gotten caught, all right? Which is a very interesting statement. But we have a -- you know, we have a good feeling toward getting things done.
If we had a relationship with Russia, that would be a good thing. In fact, it would be a great thing, not a bad thing. Because he could really help us in North Korea. We have a big problem with North Korea. And China is helping us. And because of the lack of a relationship that we have with Russia because of this artificial thing that's happening with this Democratic-inspired thing, we could really be helped a lot, tremendously, with Russia having to do with North Korea.
And, you know, you're talking about millions and millions of lives. This isn't baby stuff. This is the real deal. And if Russia helped us, in addition to China, that problem would go away a lot faster.
He just -- every time he sees me, he says, "I didn't do that."" And I believe -- I really believe that when he tells me that
Don't forget, all he said is he never did that, he didn't do that. I think he's very insulted by it, which is not a good thing for our country. Because again, if we had a relationship with Russia, North Korea -- which is our single biggest problem right now -- North Korea, it would be helped a lot. I think I'm doing very well with respect to China. They've cut off financing; they've cut off bank lines; they've cut off lots of oil and lots of other things, lots of trade. And it's having a big impact. But Russia, on the other hand, may be making up the difference. And if they are, that's not a good thing.
So having a relationship with Russia would be a great thing -- not a good thing -- it would be a great thing, especially as it relates to North Korea.
And I'll say this, Hillary had her stupid reset button that she spelled the word wrong, but she doesn't have what it takes to have that kind of a relationship where you could call or you could do something and they would pull back from North Korea, or they'd pull back from Syria, or maybe pull back from Ukraine. I mean, if we could solve the Ukraine problem --
But this is really an artificial barrier that's put in front of us for solving problems with Russia, and he says that very strongly. He really seems to be insulted by it, and he says he didn't do it. So --
I think that he is very, very strong in the fact that he didn't do it. And then you look, and you look at what's going on with Podesta, and you look at what's going on with the server from the DNC and why didn't the FBI take it, why did they leave it; why did a third party look at the server and not the FBI -- if you look at all of this stuff, and you say, what's going on here?
And then you hear it's 17 agencies. Well, it's three. And one is Brennan and one is whatever. I mean, give me a break. They're political hacks.
So you look at it -- I mean, you have Brennan, you have Clapper, and you have Comey. Comey is proven now to be a liar and he's proven to be a leaker.
So you look at that, and you have President Putin very strongly, vehemently says he had nothing to do with that. Now, you're not going to get into an argument. You're going to start talking about Syria and the Ukraine.
I don't know. They had a story today in one of the papers about China. China likes me. China likes me. And I get along with them; I get along with others too.
I get along very well with Angela. You people don't write that. I actually get along really well with Angela. You know, they had that handshaking event. I was with her for a long time before that. And somebody shouts out, "shake her hand
I think I -- I'll be honest with you, I think I have a great relationship with every single one of them. Every person in that room today -- you had what, 15, or so, or 18? Asia Pacific --
Everyone in that room, I have a good relationship. They're very different people, but everyone. And I do have a very good relationship with Xi, obviously. It's the biggest state -- it's the biggest state entrance and the biggest state dinner they've ever had, by far, in China. He called it a state-plus. Like he said it -- he actually said, state-plus-plus, which is very interesting.
But he's -- you know, look, again, he's a strong person. He's a very smart person. I like him a lot; he likes me. But, you know, we represent two very different countries. But we get along very well. And that's a good thing that we along; that's not a bad thing.
And on trade, you know, it was -- most of the news covered it fairly. Some didn't. When I said it's not your fault -- because I was saying how China has been hurting us on trade for many decades, for many years -- and it really is. It's not his fault. We should have been doing that. But we didn't do it. It's the fault of the administrations that preceded me. And we're not going to do that anymore; we're going to be very tough on trade. And he understands that.
Well, I do. But I also raise issues on many other things. I mean, I have an obligation -- we lost, last year, with China, depending on the way you do your numbers, because you can do them a numbers of way -- anywhere from $350  to $504 billion. That's with one country. I'm going to fix that. And I've got to fix what we have with Mexico, who was there today too, who I also have a very good relationship with. And I have a great relationship with France. Some of you were in France with me, with the Eiffel Tower dinner. We have a great relationship with Emmanuel.
So I think that's the thing. I've actually been getting -- I always said it, I think -- I said, I think one of my strong suits is going to be foreign affairs. And we're actually getting very good marks having to do with foreign affairs. There's nobody that I can think of that I don't have a very good relationship with.
But when we can -- I mean, you'll be seeing the release that's put out. But we can save many, many, many lives by making a deal with Russia having to do with Syria, and then ultimately getting Syria solved and getting Ukraine solved and doing other things, having a good relationship with Russia is a great, great thing.
And this artificial Democratic hit job gets in the way. It gets in the way. And that's a shame because people will die because of it. And it's a pure hit job. And it's artificially induced. And it's a shame. But anyway.
Well, again, I've been with you folks, so I haven't gotten to see too much. And believe it or not, even when I'm in Washington and New York, I do not watch much television. I know they like to say -- people that don't know me, they like to say I watch television. People with fake sources -- you know, fake reporters, fake sources. But I don't get to watch much television, primarily because of documents. I'm reading documents a lot, and different things.
I actually read much more -- I read you people much more than I watch television. But anyway -- but so I have not seen very much about him, about it. And, you know, I put out a statement yesterday that he'll do the right thing, that -- he was interviewed.
Honestly, I'd have to look at it and I'd have to see. Because again, I'm dealing with the President of China, the President of Russia, I'm dealing with the folks over here. So I haven't devoted -- I haven't been able to devote very much time to it.
And I've been at -- I mean, you people are just as strong as me. You're following me all over the place. I mean, we are going to lots of meetings, right? And, by the way, anybody that took the bet, pick up your money, okay? And the hard stuff was that. Really hard.
Well, a lot of people said it's almost physically impossible for someone to go through 12 days.
What I didn't want to do was come back because I would have had to come back. And we would have been on this plane again in five weeks from now exactly to do four days. We were going to do four days and four days. And this way we did twelve, and we hit the big conferences, which is a big asset. So anyway.
I will see it when -- I mean, I basically put out a statement which was obvious. So I'll stick with statement for now, but I'll have further comment as we go down the road. I have to get back into the country to see what's happening.
President Xi made a statement. If you read his statement yesterday -- were you all there when he was speaking and made the statement in the big room -- the Great Room?
He made a statement that he's committed to stopping the nuclearization of North Korea. That's a big statement. He made that statement, and a lot of people didn't -- they didn't pick that up. I don't think it was -- because it was part of the speech.
And somehow a lot people -- to me, that was a very big statement. I even looked up -- because I'm sitting waiting to speak -- and I said, wow, that's a big statement. He made that statement in his speech yesterday or the day before, when he made -- you know, when we were speaking together. He put a statement out, Sarah, that said he's committed to making that happen. That's a big statement.
You know, he was, through this process -- he's the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao Zedong. Some people say more powerful than Mao. With that being said, I really believe he's a good person, he's a good man, he wants to do right, he's representing his people. He's strong, he's very strong. But you know, you look at some of what you saw was very impressive. It was very impressive.
Oh, I'd like to have him ratchet it up, and I think he's doing that. We had a long talk about it.
And I was with him for hours. You know, I was with him -- like I sat with him. You were there at the beginning of that evening, right? Of the --
Well, I was sitting with him. We were together for hours. And the day before, we were together for hours. And we get along very well. You know, it's easy to be with him for hours. Whereas, if you don't have chemistry, you people know, you can't be with somebody for two minutes. And we talked a lot about North Korea. We talked about a lot of things. We talked a lot about North Korea.
No, I think he's going to ratchet it up. I did not speak to President Putin about it because we just had these little segments that we were talking about Syria. But President Putin would be tremendously helpful -- tremendously helpful -- if I had Russia and China helping us with North Korea, I think that would solve it. But this artificial barrier gets in the way. I call it the "artificial Democrat barrier."" It gets in the way
I wasn't able to -- because I really didn't, Jennifer. I really just -- we did, like, little snippets in between. We didn't have a planned meeting. We spoke, but we didn't have a planned meeting.
We'll have a meeting. I think we have the potential to have a very good relationship. I don't know him like I know President Xi because I've spent a lot of time with President Xi, but I think we have the potential to have a very, very good relationship. I have it with Abe. I have it with Abe. Very good.
I didn't. I say this: If that was him, he is one of the greatest gymnasts because the way he -- (laughter) -- it was like a perfect -- I never saw anything like that.
No, wasn't it amazing? And he was standing up. I told him -- I said, I'm not going to ask -- because it was shot from a helicopter. I said, I will not ask if that's you, but if it was, I'm very impressed because you're better than any gymnast I've ever seen.
There's an artificial barrier that puts in the way by the Democrats. It's a fake barrier. There was no collusion. Everybody knows there was no collusion. I mean, you speak to these people -- I saw Dianne Feinstein the other day and I respect her. She was on television the other day saying there's no collusion. The Democrats -- the Republicans come out screaming it, but the Democrats come out, and they say, "No
And I think it's a shame that something like that can destroy a very important potential relationship between two countries that are very important countries. Russia could really help us. And the Democrats wanted to have a good relationship with Russia, but they couldn't do it because they didn't have the talent to do it. They didn't have the chemistry to do it. They didn't have what it takes to do it. You know, there is a talent to that.
But I think Putin and I -- President Putin and I would have a great relationship, and that would be great for both countries. And it would take a lot of the danger out because we're really -- you know, this is a dangerous time. This isn't small stuff. This is a very dangerous time.
And having a great relationship, or even a good relationship, with the President of Russia -- Hillary tried it, and she failed. Nobody mentions that. They act like, you know -- it's so terrible. She did that reset button; it was a joke. But she tried and she failed.
Obama tried and he failed. Couldn't have it, because he didn't have chemistry. They didn't have the right chemistry. And you know what? I understand that, because there are some people I don't have chemistry with. Let's see, some of you are right here. (Laughter.) There are some people I don't -- you know, sometimes if you don't have chemistry with somebody, you don't.
But Obama did not have the right chemistry with Putin. And Hillary was way over her head.
You know, the intellectual property -- you're talking about $300 billion a year. It's tremendous. We talked about it. But I said, we're friends, but this is a different administration than you've had for the last 30 years. For the last 30 years, China -- and, in all fairness, and other countries.
Look, we have a $71 billion trade deficit with Mexico. We have a $70 billion trade deficit with Japan. We have a $30 billion trade deficit with South Korea. I could go through a whole list. There are few countries we have a surplus with, and those countries it's like a two-dollar surplus. It's disgraceful.
And I don't blame any of those countries. I blame the people that we had representing us who didn't know what they were doing. Because they should have never let it happen.
Well, I didn't make the decision. That was made by a man who's actually a very respected person -- a very, very respected person.
I did make a comment in the past as to what I think. I do feel that you should have as many news outlets as you can, especially since so many of them are fake. This way, at least you can get your word out. But I do believe you should have as many news outlets as you can.
Now, with that being said, I didn't make a statement on it, but I made that statement long before at the very early part. So we'll see how that -- it will probably end up being maybe litigation, maybe not. We'll see how it all plays out.
I mentioned it very briefly. Honestly, it wasn't number one on my list. Number one on my list with him was North Korea and trade. Those are the two I really spoke. I mentioned it, you know, briefly, but we'll talk. I'm going to have plenty of time to talk. He'll come here next time.
This all started in Florida, and it's a great feeling to have that kind of a relationship where you can really help your country. Because we can really help our country, and he can really help his country.
But we're going to be very tough on trade. This is not going to be like it was in the past. I did tell him that. This is not going to be the old days. This is a whole different thing going on.
And, you know, it's not acceptable what's been happening with trade, generally. China, yes -- but generally. And I can think of almost no examples where it's good. It's all bad. We had the worst negotiators, whether it's the Iran deal or any other thing. We had the worst -- our trade deals are so bad. Last year, we lost $800 billion, right? Yeah. $800 , approximately. Check it. But approximately $800 billion on trade. Why?
I have a great team. Bob Lighthizer. Bob Lighthizer is -- he's going to town. And he works with me. He works with me. But Bob is going to town.
So I hope you're all enjoying yourselves. Tonight we're going to Hanoi.
I think the APEC was just -- good, very collegial.
No, but I told them we're going to have much tougher trade policies now, because, you know, they have barriers. We don't. I'm not only talking about tariffs. They have non-tariff barriers, and we don't. I said, you got to remove them.
Good to be with you. Good to be with you.
I'll see you in Hanoi. Are you all going up?
I think we're going to have a great 10, really 12 days, I guess. We're going to be a little bit longer. I think we'll be, hopefully in a very positive way, very historic. One of the things we're going to be discussing very big is-- have you ever met this young lady? No? She's doing a great jo.b 
One of the things we're going to be very focused on is trade, because trade has not been done well for 25 years by the United States, with this part of the world or with any part of the world, so we'll be discussing reciprocal trade, reciprocal trade, fair trade, but reciprocal. And I have very good relationships with Prime Minister Abe and Moon and Xi. We have very good relationships.
No, I just wanted to come back and say hello.
Well, obviously that will be a big subject for the three, first three in particular. So what we're doing is, when we go to the Philippines, we'll really be second day is a very big day, and they asked whether or not I'd stay and I decided to stay. You know, we were going back to Hawaii, and now what we'll do is we'll stay and we'll go direct, we'll go direct.
I think it's expected we'll meet with Putin, yeah. We want Putin's help on North Korea, and we'll be meeting with a lot of different leaders.
Well, we want to get it solved. It's a big problem for our country and for the world, and we want to get it solved. And there's been 25 years of total weakness, and so we're taking a very much different approach.
We'll soon find out. Good luck! 
I want to -- Aramco is going public. It will be perhaps the biggest going public ever. It's the Saudi Arabian oil company and it will be just about the biggest ever. And I want them to consider, because right now they're not looking at it, because of litigation, risk and other risk, which is very sad, they're not looking at it.
But I want them to strongly consider the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ, or frankly anybody else located in this country, but those are the big two. So either NASDAQ or the New York Stock Exchange. I just spoke to the King a little while ago, and they will consider it.
Oh it's very important, because we want to have all the big listings. I know they're looking at London, I know they're looking at others, they're probably looking at themselves, they have a much smaller stock market. So I would like them to consider the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ.
We're going to make that decision very soon.

Excuse me, so am I. Highest stock market in history, lowest unemployment in 17 years, a military that's rapidly rebuilding, ISIS is virtually defeated in the Middle East. We are coming off some of the strongest numbers we've ever had, and he knows that and he respects that and he's a friend of mine. We're friends.
Now, with that being said, he represents China, I represent the United States. But we're going in with tremendous strength. We're going in with a stock market that's higher than ever before. We literally Friday closed at the highest point in the history of the stock market.
You look at the unemployment numberswe picked up 5.5 trillion dollars since my election in market value. These are tremendous numbers. Whether it's China or anybody else, these are massive numbers.
Well I think he's viewing us very, very strong, and also very friendly. But we have to do better with trade with China, because it's a one-way street right now and it has been for many years. And we will. But the reason our stock market is so successful is because of me. I've always been great with money, I've always been great with jobs, that's what I do
And I've done it well, I've done it really well, much better than people understand and they understand I've done well. But we have a tremendous amount of strength because of what's happened. You know, think of it -- $5.5 trillion worth of value. But also, look at ISIS. Look at our military budget that we just had approved.
We're at $700 billion, and by the way, going up. We make the best military equipment in the world. A shot was just taken by Iran, at my opinion, at Saudi Arabia. You know about that, right? You saw the missile that went out? And our system knocked the missile out of the air. That's how good we are. Nobody makes what we make, and now we're selling it all over the world.
One of the reasons our markets are so high and our defense companies are doing so well is I am demanding our allies and people we are working with that they buy our equipment. Now, there's two advantages to that. Number one, we make by far the best equipment, but, number two, they're buying from us. So I think we're going in with tremendous strength.
I mean, I don't think -- I mean, there's a question that you asked, and I understand the question. But when you think on Friday we hit the highest point in the history of our stock market when we picked up from November 8, which can you believe it is almost exactly one year? We going to be at China together? We'll have to celebrate together. November 8.
I hope we'll all celebrate together, but  in fact I was going to have a big celebration party, and then I said, 'Well...' We'll celebrate together. But, um, what you think of $5.5 trillion, when you think what we've done to ISIS. Now, ISISthe remnantsthey go into Africa and other places and we're meeting them before they get there.
So they've never seen anything like it. We have been more successful with ISIS than in eight years of the previous administration. So, anyway, I was just coming back to say hello. Go and have a good time. We'll see you a lot.
I think they're great people. They're industrious. They're warm, much warmer than the world really knows or understands. They're great people. And I hope it all works out for everybody. It will be a wonderful thing if we can work out for those great people, and for everybody.
I'll comment after we come back. I don't need headlines. I don't want to make their move successful.
It is grueling, they tell me. But fortunately, historically that has not been a problem for me. I mean one thing you people will say  that has not been a problem. We had a choice. I could have done it -- I could have done a five, and a four. Or I could have done two fives. Or I could have done one 12.
The one 12 was by far the best, most comprehensive and the best timing, because you have the two big conventions and conferences, right?  I mean, one very big thing is the fact that we're going to the Philippines.
Because if you remember the previous administration, that was a great embarrassment . When they wouldn't land, it was a very bad thing. Our relationships are very good with the Philippines. So I had a choice of a 5-4 5-5, or one 12.
I'll let you know if I don't stay fresh. If I don't stay fresh, you'll be the first to tell me. I'll stay fresh.
I look forward to seeing him. I look very much forward to seeing him.
I'm playing with a great golfer. Hideki Matsuyama. He's one of the greatest players, currently he's already, at a very young age, I think he's 23, he's probablyhe is the greatest player in the history of Japan. Possibly their greatest celebrity. He's a true player. I think he won five tournaments over the last year and a half. He's a truly greaet player, a great athlete. Long ball hitter.
I hit the ball pretty long. I promise you one thing, I won't be hitting it there. If I come back and say I was longer than him, don't believe it. No, but he's a great celebrity, a great athlete, he's really got a lot things going, including the it-factor.
And so when I played with Prime Minister Abe, he loves golf. And we played in Palm Beach, and we played with Ernie Els. And so he is reciprocal. It's going to be a lot of fun. So have a good time. We all have a long trip together. Are all of you staying for the entire 12 days? We'll do well together.
I think we're going to have a great success. I mean, look, I've had a very successful presidency. You look at the numbers, you look at what's happening, you look at jobs. Did I hear a new jobs number came out? A million and a half jobs? A million and a half jobs since Nov. 8 have been created.
So this is a continuation of that. Our big focus is going to be obviously on North Korea. But a very, very big focus is going to be on fair trade. And that's very important to me.
Well, we're about to begin a long trip, I know some of you are coming with us. We look forward to it. We're actually staying an extra day in the Philippines. We have a big conference, a second conference, and I think we're going to have great success.
We'll be talking about trade, we'll be talking about, obviously, North Korea. We'll be enlisting the help of a lot of people, and countries. We'll see what happens, but I think we're gonna have a very successful trip. There's a lot of goodwill.
I don't remember much about that meeting. It was a very unimportant meeting. It took place a long time... I don't remember much about it.
All I can tell you is this: there was no collusion. There was no nothing. It's a disgrace, frankly, that they continue. You ought to look at Hillary Clinton and you ought to look at the new book that was just put out by Donna Brazile, where she basically bought the DNC, and she stole the election from Bernie. So that's what you ought to take a look at.
What we're doing is every time we're attacked, from this point forward, and it took place yesterday, we are hitting them ten times harder. So when we have an animal do an attack like he did the other day on the west side of Manhattan, we are hitting them ten times harder.
They claimed him as a soldier. Good luck. Every time they hit us, we know it's ISIS, we hit them, like you folks, won't believe. Thank you. I will see you... I will see you in Pearl Harbor. We're going to Pearl Harbor.
I don't know. I'm really not involved with the Justice Department. I'd like to let it run itself, but honestly they should be looking at the Democrats.
They should be looking at Podesta and all of that dishonesty. They should be looking at a lot of things, and a lot of people have disappointed in the Justice Department, including me. Thank you everybody. Thank you.
Well, I think it's very sad what they've done with this fake dossier. It was made up, and I understand they paid a tremendous amount of money, and Hillary Clinton always denied it.
The Democrats always denied it. And now only because it's going to come out in a court case, they said, yes, they did it. They admitted it, and they're embarrassed by it.
But I think it's a disgrace. It's just really -- it's a very sad -- it's a very sad commentary on politics in this country.
I don't think so. I think it's fine the way it is. We have actually great unity in the Republican Party. Yesterday, I was --
That's okay. Look, you know they have to do their thing. We have great unity. If you look at what happened yesterday at the meeting, we had, I guess, virtually every senator, including John McCain. We had a great conversation yesterday -- John McCain and myself -- about the military.
I think we had a -- I called it a lovefest. It was almost a lovefest. Maybe it was a lovefest. But we -- standing ovations. There is great unity. If you look at the Democrats with Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, that's a mess. There's great unity in the Republican Party.
Well, I think it's sad. But I think to a large extent, in all due respect, I think the media causes a lot of it. Fake stories are being reported. A lot of bad things are being reported that aren't true, and I think to a certain extent, maybe I can blame the media.
But politics is a rough business. There's no question about it. I will say this: I think the Republican Party has a pretty good unity. When I looked at that room yesterday at lunch -- and you know, and you reported on it very well, Kristen. You gave it a very good report. The fact is there was tremendous unity in that room, and we're really unified. We're really unified on what we want to do.
We want tax cuts for the middle class. We want tax cuts for businesses to produce jobs. There's great unity. Yes.
Look, he was against me from before he ever knew me. He wrote a book about me before I ever met him, before I ever heard his name. His poll numbers in Arizona are so low that he couldn't win, and I don't blame him for leaving. I think he did the right thing for himself.
But if you know, long before he ever knew me, during the campaign, even before the campaign -- I mean, he came out with this horrible book, and I said, who is this guy?
In fact, I remembered the first time I saw him on television I had not really been -- nobody knew me in terms of politics. But the first time I saw him on television, I said, I assume he's a Democrat. Is he a Democrat? They said he's a Republican. I said, that's impossible.
So, look, his poll numbers are terrible. He's done terribly for the great people of Arizona, a state that likes Donald Trump very much as even you will admit. And he would have never won.
In fact, even in the primary, he's way down in the primary. So he did the smart thing for himself. This way he can get out somewhat gracefully. But --
Well, he's saying that -- he's saying that because he has nothing else to say. But I do think this -- I do think this: I wish him well. I really believe he's going to do the right thing for the country.
He's going to vote for tax cuts because we desperately need tax cuts to put our people back to work. We need tax cuts also to be able to compete with other countries.
You know what, I hope Bob -- and I really believe that Bob Corker is going to do the right thing also. Yes, go ahead.
I can't hear you. I can't -- what? Say it again.
Well, Senator Flake did vote with me. I understand it was about 91 or even more than that. So from that standpoint, good.
No, I think I'll be boosted in Arizona because he's very unpopular. I think the fact that he did it the way he did it probably -- I mean, I'm very high in Arizona. I love the people; they like me. They like security at the border. You know, all of the things. But I think I'm probably helped greatly in Arizona by what happened with Senator Flake.
I don't think they'd do that. I really know that they want tax cuts. They know we need it. We need it for the country, we need it for the people, we need if for the middle class, we need it for jobs. I don't think they'd do that. I really don't.
I know them well enough. I don't know Flake very well, but I know Bob Corker. I think they really would do it. I think they feel they have to do it for the country.
I think we're going to get some Democrat votes, yeah. I do believe -- I haven't started the process, but I believe that there are certain Democrats that, if they don't vote for these massive tax cuts for business, for jobs, and for the middle class, they will lose their races in '18.
Well, I think the press makes me more uncivil than I am. You know, people don't understand -- I went to an Ivy League college, I was a nice student, I did very well, I'm a very intelligent person. The fact is, I think -- I really believe -- I think the press creates a different image of Donald Trump than the real person.
Well, I think it's always okay -- when somebody says something about you that's false, I think it's always okay to counterpunch or to fight back. John.
I wanted to end that quickly. 401(k)s, to me, are very important. And they're important because that's one of the great benefits to the middle class. I didn't want that to go too far. That's why I ended it very quickly.
Well, maybe it is, and maybe we'll use it as negotiating. But trust me, that's one of the great things. You know, there are certain elements of deals you don't want to negotiate with. 401(k)s -- and Kevin knows it, and I think Kevin Brady is fantastic, but he knows how important 401(k)s are.
Well, I think the uranium sale to Russia and the way it was done, so underhanded, with tremendous amounts of money being passed -- I actually think that's Watergate, modern age.
Well, we're going to look at it. Now, I have to say, we are decimating ISIS in the Middle East. What's happening is, they'll go to parts of Africa, they'll go to other places. When they get there, we meet them. It's a dangerous business -- I have to say, it's a dangerous business. So what --
No, I didn't. Not specifically. But I have generals that are great generals. These are great fighters. These are warriors and --
I gave them authority to do what's right so that we win. That's the authority they have. I want to win and we're going to win, and we're beating ISIS very badly. You look at what's happened in the Middle East -- we have done more in eight months than the previous administration has done in many years.
Now, what happens is, you decimate them and that's all we've done. We have decimated ISIS in the Middle East. They go to Africa, they go to places. When they get there, we meet them there. That's what goes on. It's a tough business. It's a tough war, but we are winning it. And you know what? We're going to continue winning it.
With that being said, my generals and my military, they have decision-making ability. As far as the incident that we're talking about, I've been seeing it just like you've been seeing it. I've been getting reports. They have to meet the enemy and they meet them tough, and that's what happens.
I was extremely nice to her. She sounds like a lovely lady. I've never seen her. I've never met her, but she sounds likes a lovely lady. But I was extremely nice to her. I was extremely courteous, as I was to everyone else.
You know, it's interesting, you folks have called many people that I spoke to. Everybody has said unbelievable, good thing about me, but you never report that.
Did you report it? Did you report it?
I can only say this: I was really nice to her. I respect her. I respect her family. I certainly respect La David, who -- I, by the way, called La David right from the beginning. Just so you understand, they put a chart in front -- "La David."" It says
So I called right from the beginning. There's no hesitation. One of the great memories of all time. There was no hesitation. I think she's a fantastic woman. I was extremely nice to her, extremely respectful.
I would say, basically, we talked condolence. I mean, it's all about condolence, it's about warmth. In many cases you listen, because in so many cases -- one of the families, they were saying, yes, he was a great football star.
And honestly, they pour their heart out, John. It's the hardest calls. They pour their heart out. But I am always -- and look, you people have called many people that I've spoken to, and every one of them has said I couldn't have been nicer.
Now, it's a rough time for these people. I mean, how tough is it? There's nothing tougher. But I have such respect for those families. Nobody has more respect than I do -- nobody.
We're looking at DACA. We have to get something for it, but we are looking at DACA. And we'll see what happens. I would love to do a DACA deal, but we have to get something very substantial for it, including the wall, including security, including a strong border. We have to be able to stop drugs from pouring into our nation.
The tax plan is going to be incredible for this country. It's going to bring back jobs, it's going to cut taxes tremendously. We're going to bring back $4 trillion, I think at least from overseas.
That money is going to be put back to work in our country instead of other countries. The tax cut is going to be massive. It's going to keep companies from leaving our country. So important.
And I have to say, the whole Russian thing is what it's turned out to be. This was the Democrats coming up with an excuse for losing an election. It's an election that's very hard for a Democrat to lose because the Electoral College is set in such a way that it's very hard to lose that election for a Democrat. They lost it. They lost it very badly and very easily.
I mean, you look at the votes; it was 306 to what -- 223 or something. They lost it by a lot. They didn't know what to say, so they made up the whole Russia hoax. Now it's turning out that the hoax has turned around. And you look at what's happened with Russia, and you look at the uranium deal, and you look at the fake dossier. So that's all turned around.
No. We have a very good relationship. Honestly, when you look at -- when you take a look at what's happened with Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, and the hatred and the division and the animosity -- I'll tell you what, honestly, the Republicans are very, very well united.
We're going to have a big meeting on opioids tomorrow. We're going to be doing a very, very important meeting sometime in the very short -- the very near future on opioids, in terms of declaring a national emergency, which gives us power to do things that you can't do right now.
Well, they say it began with the Republicans. I think I would know, but I won't say. It'll be determined. It'll be determined.
Look, Hillary would have never announced it was them, except for this great court case that's going on where the judge was going to reveal it. So they figured, we'll do it first. They're very embarrassed by it. It's a disgrace. Yes, it might have started with the Republicans early on in the primaries. I think I would know, but let's find out who it is. I'm sure that will come out.
I think I would have, if I were to guess, I have one name in mind.
Well, I'd rather not say but you'll be surprised.
Do you ever rest? Do you people ever rest?
Well, if we could make a deal, at least on a temporary basis -- because Obamacare is exploding. It's gone. The premiums are through the roof. You see what's happening. So if we can make a temporary deal -- because ultimately, we're going to have it back to the states.
We're going to block grant back to the states. But if we made a temporary dea,l I think would be a great thing for people. But it's really up to them. Obamacare is a disaster. The numbers are out. It's exploding like I said it would.
So basically, if we could do a one-year deal or a two-year deal as a temporary measure, you'll have block granting ultimately to the states, which is what the Republicans want, that really is a repeal and replace.
Well, you'll figure that out pretty soon.
Very good relationship. I have a very good... that was fake news. That was fake news by NBC, sorry.
I've known Harvey Weinstein for a long time. I'm not at all surprised to see it.
John Kelly is one of the best people I've ever worked with. He's doing an incredible job, and he told me for the last two months, he loved it more than anything he's ever done.
He's a military man, but he loves doing this -- which is chief of staff -- more than anything he's ever done. He's doing a great job. He will be here, in my opinion, for the entire seven remaining years.
No, no. He likes me like Secretary Tillerson. So do I. We have a very good relationship. We disagree in a couple of things. Sometimes I'd like him to be a little bit tougher, but other than that we have a very good relationship.
Well, he says they were inappropriate.
That's locker room. That's locker room. Yeah, go ahead.
Well, we're gonna see what happens. We're gonna see what happens. So now I am going to the really great state, a state that I love, of North Carolina, and I'll see you later Go home and rest. What?
We'll see what happens. We'll see what happens.
We'll see. I mean, we have -- he's a very fine man, but we're going to make a decision sometime tonight. He's a very, very fine man. As far as Puerto Rico is concerned, that's been going, as you know, really well.
It's been total devastation. We have over 10,000 people in Puerto Rico right now. We're getting truck drivers because the people from Puerto Rico -- the drivers just aren't there. They're looking for their homes. They have a lot of other problems. Likewise with the police force.
But I think it's going really well, considering. Rick Scott was just up -- the governor of Florida -- that's been a success. Rick is going to get involved, also, with Puerto Rico. And we've made tremendous strides. Very, very tough situation.
And a big question is, what happens? We have to rebuild -- I mean, if you look at it, the electric is gone, the roads are gone, the telecommunications is gone. It's all gone. And the real question is, what's going to happen later?
It's a tough situation. The loss of life, it's always tragic. But it's been incredible the results that we've had with respect to loss of life. People can't believe how successful that has been, relatively speaking.
I can't hear you, John. Go ahead.
Well, I'll tell you, the governor of Puerto Rico has been unbelievably generous with his statements. I mean, he's been praising our efforts. And this is a very difficult -- this is a total devastation.
When you look at Texas and when you look at Florida, it's a whole different level. Nobody has ever seen when you have a Category 5 wipe out an island like this. Because you have nothing -- you don't have the roads; you don't have anything. And you don't have the people even to operate the equipment.
That's why we have literally hundreds of truck drivers being brought into the island to operate the trucks, because those people have lost their homes so they're unable to do it. And the police have lost their homes so they're unable to do it. So it's a tough situation. John.
Well, I haven't heard what she said. I can tell you this: We have done an incredible job considering there's absolutely nothing to work with. And a very big question is: What are we going to do with the power plant? Because the power plant has been wiped out. It's not like, let's go back and fix it. That's what I do; I'm a good construction guy. You don't go back and fix it; there is nothing. The power grid is gone.
So we have a lot of big decisions, and you're talking about -- the dollars that you're talking about are really tremendous. And I'll be talking with the Democrats and we'll be talking to Congress about what we're going to do a little bit longer term.
In the meantime, we've saved a lot of lives, we've done a really good job, and now we're bringing the people for distribution.
Well, you know the problem we've had in Cuba -- and we'll be coming out with something -- but there was a big problem in Cuba. So we'll be announcing that fairly soon -- fairly soon.
Well, we're looking at Puerto Rico. That's a very, very big thing you're talking about. We're spending hundreds of millions of dollars right now. It's a territory, and these are great people. I know the people very well. These are great people, but there's a massive investment. You are rebuilding all of it.
At some point, as you know, there is hundreds of millions -- there's a tremendous amount of money already invested in Puerto Rico by others before the storms. And that money has been in serious trouble. So now on top of it -- a lot of other money -- so a lot of -- look, a decision has to be made. What are you going to do?
Puerto Rico was flattened, and a big decision comes as to what are we going to do. But I'm there to help, I can tell you that.
Well, we have great Secretaries, and we have some that actually own their own planes, as you know, and that solves that.
But we put in an order that no more planes. If you look at past administrations -- for instance, if you look at the Obama administration and you take a look at the amount of time that they spent in the air, they spent a lot of time in the air. But I felt very badly because Secretary Price is a good man, but we are looking into it, and we're looking into it very strongly.
Well, we'll take a look. I'll be announcing something in the pretty near future.
I have a great Cabinet. And we save hundreds of millions of dollars through negotiation. I'll give you an example. With the F-35 fighter plane -- me, myself -- I've saved hundreds of millions of dollars in negotiating. And that's one of the reasons I don't like seeing anybody even have a question about, you know, flying. I just don't want to do that.
We've saving tremendous amounts of money no matter where we go. If you look at what we've done in Florida or Texas, we've done that for relatively little compared to what other people. So I don't like to see that happen. And I think it's a shame, because as a human being, Tom Price is very good man -- I can tell you.  John.
Well, that's unacceptable to me.
No, that's -- no, that would be unacceptable. Steve, go ahead.
I've had four meetings for Fed Chairman and I'll be making a decision over the next two or three weeks.
We are -- well, first of all, we've -- you know, Brock has done a fantastic job at FEMA, and Elaine Duke is acting and she's working very hard. And I think what FEMA has done has been incredible between all of these hurricanes and doing so well. But we'll be making that decision probably within a month.
Well, I've spoken to other owners and I really think it's coming together. I noticed last night, or I was told -- I didn't see it -- but I heard everybody stood for the national anthem. And that shows respect for our country, our flag, and for the national anthem. So, you know, I'm very happy. I heard that, and they should stand. You have to stand. It's our national anthem. You have to stand.
I spoke to numerous team owners. I have many friends. I did speak to Jerry, yes. Okay. Thank you.
I was disappointed because I didn't like it cosmetically or otherwise. I was disappointed. And, you know, this is an administration that saves hundreds of millions of dollars on renegotiating things, on new trade deals that you'll be seeing the results very soon. We're renegotiating NAFTA. We're renegotiating so many different things and making much better deals. You'll be seeing other things come up.
So I don't like to see somebody that perhaps there's the perception that it wasn't right.
Well, I don't want to say, but we'll be announcing something today.
We'll be announcing something today.
I'm not aware of that. Yeah, I mean, I heard it was very ministerial, but I'm not aware of it. Anything else? John? Go ahead, Steve. He always treats me so nicely.
Probably today something will happen. Something will be announced.
Look, I think he's a very fine person. I certainly don't like the optics. As I said, we renegotiate deals. We're renegotiating trade deals. We're renegotiating -- as an example, the F-35 fighter plane, I've saved hundreds of millions of dollars. So I don't like the optics of what you just saw.
Cuba -- some very bad things happened in Cuba. Very bad things.
Well, you're going to see what's happening in Cuba. But some bad -- they did some bad things in Cuba.
I'm not happy, okay? I can tell you, I'm not happy.
Well, we have a man who is going to be a great senator, and Im very happy with that. I spoke to him last night. I never met him. I never spoke to him. Im very happy with him. And I have to say, Luther came a long way from the time I endorsed him, and he ran a good race. But Roy ran a really great race. And I know what they did was -- they used it very much in the campaign, but he works hard. And Im sure things will work out.
I just wanted to say, though, on healthcare, we have the votes for healthcare. We have one senator that's in the hospital. He can't vote because hes in the hospital. He can't vote because hes in the hospital. We have two other votes that are coming, and we will have them. But the problem is we can't have them by Friday -- because the reconciliation ends on Friday.
So well have to do it in January or February. But I feel we have the votes. Im almost certain we have the votes. But with one man in the hospital, we cannot display that we have them. Plus, some people want to go through a process just to make themselves feel better, that's okay.
We're talking about healthcare. We're talking about --
I was looking into it, and I will look into it. And I will tell you, personally, Im not happy about it. I am not happy.
Im going to look at it. I am not happy about it, and I let him know it.
Youll have to ask senators about that. So youre going to have to ask senators. So heres what Im just saying. We're going right now to Indiana. We're going to introduce a tax plan that's the largest tax cut, essentially, in the history of our country. Its going to be something special. You already know some of the numbers. We're going to give you some of the additional numbers.
But on healthcare, we have the votes. We can't do it now because we have somebody in a hospital -- and we have great respect for that gentleman, by the way. He's a fantastic man.
Because he has to come here and vote. He can't come here and vote.
In other words, he can't come here and vote because he's in the hospital.
Let me just say -- yes. He's in the hospital. So we're going to do it in January or February because, as you know, we have the votes but we can't go longer than Friday. What we're going to do is we will do the block grants; we will do the healthcare. We will get a longer process going for the couple of people that did want to see more process, even though they're a "yes"" vote."
But very importantly, I am also -- during this period of a couple of months, I'm also going to meet with Democrats, and I will see if I can get a healthcare plan that's even better. So I will negotiate with Democrats, but from the Republican standpoint, we have the votes. We'll vote in January, February, or March.
I am considering an executive order on associations, and that will take care of a tremendous number of people with regard to healthcare. And I'll probably be signing a very major executive order where people can go out, cross state lines, do lots of things, and buy their own healthcare.
And that will be probably signed next week. It's being finished now. It's going to cover a lot of territory and a lot of people -- millions of people. John, go ahead.
I think we're there now, John. I'll be honest. You look at the statement put out by Alaska -- right, you saw that -- by Lisa. You look at the other couple of statements. You know, we're only one off, maybe two. But we can't vote now, John -- you probably didn't hear me -- because, as you know, one of our "yes"" votes is in the hospital. I can't take him out of the hospital."
I do have confidence in him, yes. I do have confidence in him. But it's not up to me, it's up to the Senate. But I do have confidence, and I will say we used him in the race -- and I was very honored by the way I was treated in the race. But they used him in the race. John, they used him in the race.
My plan is for the working people, and my plan is for jobs.
No, I don't benefit. I don't benefit.
In fact, very, very strongly, as you see, there's no -- I think there's very little benefit for people of wealth.
The estate taxes is one of things and that's, if you look at, for farmers and people with small businesses.
I don't see it, but we'll talk to you about that at a different time. So here's the point --
The point is this: Healthcare -- we have it; we have the votes. Because of reconciliation we have to wait until January, February, or March, which we'll do. But in the meantime, I will negotiate with Democrats to see if we can make a bipartisan bill. Yes, Steve.
Very much a red line. In fact, I wanted to start at 15 so that we got 20. It just -- the numbers were -- 15 was so low we didn't take in the revenue. But I wanted 15, so we got 20 -- 20 is my number. So I'm not negotiating that number. I really -- I am not going to negotiate.
That's the number I wanted to get to. I wanted to start at 15 to get there. We really had to start there because of the complexity of the numbers, but 20 is a perfect number.
Well, we're thinking about that, but we have a lot of shippers and a lot of people and a lot of people who work in the shipping industry that don't want the Jones Act lifted. And we have a lot of ships out there right now.
And I will tell you, the governor was very generous yesterday with his statement, and so was the major of San Juan --very, very generous with their statements. So we have a lot people, and Im going there on Tuesday, as you probably have heard.
And Puerto Rico is a very difficult situation. I mean, that place was just destroyed. That's not a question of, gee, lets dry up the water, lets do this or that. I mean, that place was flattened. That is a really tough situation. I feel so bad for those people.
Well, the people -- yeah, the people allowed -- certain countries -- but we can add countries very easily and we can take countries away.
And as far as the travel ban is concerned, whatever it is, I want the toughest travel ban you can have. So Ill see you in Indiana. We're going to go over some more points that have not been talked about. Are you all going? Is everyone going?
I think the NFL is in a box. I think they're in a really bad box. You look at whats happening with their ratings. You look at whats going -- I mean, frankly, the only thing that's doing well in the NFL is the pregame because everybody wants to see whats going on.
The NFL is in a very bad box. You cannot have people disrespecting our national anthem, our flag, our country, and that's what they're doing. And in my opinion, the NFL has to change or you know whats going to happen? Their business is going to go to hell.
No, not at all. No, no. We have to respect our national anthem. We have to respect our country, and they're respecting our country. And most importantly, the fans agree with me -- I mean, largely, the fans agree.
But we have to show total respect for our national anthem, for our flag, for our country, we have to do it. And you can -- there are plenty of places, and there are -- personally, when they're protesting during a football game, I think they can find better places. But they cannot do it during the national anthem.
I am going to see. Im looking at that very closely. I am not happy with it. I will tell you I am not happy with it.
Well, I think the owners should do something about it. I think it's very disrespectful to our flag and to our country. So I certainly think the owners should do something about it.
There was great solidarity -- I watched a little bit. I was not watching the games today, believe me -- I'm doing other things. But I watched a little bit, and I will say that there was tremendous solidarity for our flag and for our country.
Well, that's okay. Look, he has to take his ideas and go with what he wants. I think it's very disrespectful to our country. I think it's very, very disrespectful to our flag.
I like Bob very much, he's my friend. But he gave me a Super Bowl ring a month ago, right? So he's a good friend of mine, and I want him to do what he wants to do.
But we have a great country. We have great people representing our country, especially our soldiers, our first responders, and they should be treated with respect. And when you get on your knee and you don't respect the American flag or the anthem, that's not being treated with respect.
No, this has nothing to do with race. I've never said anything about race. This has nothing to do with race or anything else. This has to do with respect for our country, and respect for our flag.
Yeah, we have a tax plan that's totally finalized. I think it will be terrific. I think it's going to go through, and it will be the largest tax cut in the history of our country.
I've never heard that mentioned. Really, I've never heard that mentioned.
I hope the corporate rate is going to be 15 percent.
With the plan? We'll see what happens, but I hope it's going to be 15 percent. But it's going to be substantially lower so we bring jobs back into our country.
No, we think we're going to bring the individual rate to 10 percent or 12 percent, much lower than it is right now. This is a plan for the middle class and for companies so they can bring back jobs.
Well, we're looking at the healthcare. I mean, I've been watching for seven years as the Republicans have been saying "repeal and replace."" Then you have John McCain voting no
It's also great for Maine; it's also great for Alaska. Every state you're talking about, it happens to be particularly good for. So I don't know what they're doing. But you know what? Eventually, we'll win, whether it's now or later.
Well, we'll see. We'll see what happens. But the Republicans have been saying for seven years, "repeal and replace
I mean, if you look at the -- with the block grants. You look at Alaska -- one of the biggest beneficiary would be Alaska, and these are the people that are against it.
Eventually, we will win on that. My primary focus, I must tell you -- and has been from the beginning, as you can imagine -- is taxes. I believe we will be successful in the largest tax cut in our country's history. Thank you all very much. I'll see you later.
The travel ban: The tougher, the better.
I think that the flag has to be respected, our country has to be respected. There's plenty of room to do other things, but our country has to be respected, and I've always felt very strongly about that, and, by the way most people agree with me.
hey have rights. We all have rights. But when you're on that field, and you know there's a situation going on... this is a great, great country and we have a great flag, and they should respect our flag. They're making a lot of money. I'm not grudging anything. I'm just saying they have to respect our flag, and have to respect our country.
The NFL has to work at their own problems. Their... their numbers are way down, and I think this is a big reason why their numbers are way down.
No, not at all. I don't care. They can do whatever they want. I'm just... I'm just telling you from my standpoint, I think it's very disrespectful to our country. Thank you all very much.
No, I don't think he took the flight. I think if you check your records, he didn't take the flight. Why don't you check your records before you make it... why don't you check check your records before you make a statement.
As I understood it, I don't know much about it. I haven't heard about it, but I understand he never took the flight.
Well, you'll have to ask him about that. I don't know. Now as far as as far as Secretary Price is concerned, that's different. we're looking into it.
Always, always. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. Wow. Thank you. Thank you. 
Thank you everybody. I love this place. You know, we set every record in Alabama. I love Alabama.
It's special, thank you very much.  Well, I am, I'm thrilled to be here with a really great person that I've gotten to know, Luther Strange, and with the hardworking, patriotic citizens of this great state. You have some football games tomorrow, but we're going to have a lot of fun and then you're going to win at football tomorrow.  I love this state and I love the people of this state.
They've been so good to me. And we are producing, we are really producing.  Thank you. Thank you.
And on Tuesday, we're going to send a real fighter and a real good guy from Alabama to the United States Senate on a permanent basis.  And we have another great person in our audience tonight, Richard Shelby. Where is Richard? Where is he? Richard?  Where's Richard? Thank you, Richard. Stand up so they can see you, Richard.
Fantastic. Thank you, Richard.  Respected man, I will tell you. He's respected and loved in the Senate.
He's only been there for, what, 34 years or something like that, right? But he loves the people of Alabama, too. And like all of you, Luther Strange knows the true source of America's strength. It's God, it's family and it's country.  And Luther is going to be taking over for a man that you all love.
What's his name? Senator Jeff Sessions, you love Jeff Sessions and he's doing a good job.  He is doing a good job. We have him very busy watching the borders. A lot of things are happening.
But Luther is taking over for Jeff hopefully and you are going to be so impressed with what we're going to do in Washington. But before we begin, I want to send our thoughts and prayers to the people of Texas and Louisiana and Florida and Georgia and Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and all of the other communities that have recently been ravaged by storms and by floods. 
And you took such great care of those people, you really did.  I said, you know, Governor, you're the fastest-growing state anywhere in the world this week. But it was -- you really did, you did a great job. And your governor is doing a great job, too, by the way.
When one part of America hurts, we all hurt. We grieve over all that's been lost, but we're also inspired by the incredible strength and spirit and resilience of our people. Together, we will recover, rebuild and return bigger, better, stronger than ever before. It's going to happen.
It's going to happen quickly, quickly, better. Right?  We also send our prayers to the people of Mexico. They got hit hard by a devastating earthquake, taken a lot of lives, a lot more than they even thought. And I've spoken with the president of Mexico and we pledged our total support.
We have crews in there right now lifting up that heavy concrete. And it's a rough sight, it's a rough sight. We've got a lot of people we sent down with a lot of big equipment, but that's a tough go. It's a really tough thing to look at and to see and to see the sadness.
But that was bad. I've just come from a very productive week at the United Nations General Assembly.  Where we've been working with our friends and allies to pursue a future of prosperity and security and peace. And we've got some really good people that I know and have tremendous relationships and we have some really, really bad people and we're going to take care of the bad people.
It's about time. We're going to take care of the bad people.  It's one of the greatest honors of my life to represent the American people on that world stage. And I will tell you, the world is starting to respect the United States of America again. 
As I said during my address to the United Nation, I will always defend America's interests above all else. I'm here for you, I'm not here for global interests . We're not here for the rest of the globe.  And we want to treat the rest of the globe right.
And, you know, when I say America first everyone was saying, gee, and I never liked it from the standpoint that if you're in another country you want your country to be first by the leader, right? So nobody really understood. For years they've said America first, although I'm the one that really means it, there's a big difference.  And I said, look, it's going to be America first. We're going to renegotiate these trade deals.
We're bringing a lot of people back. We're bringing companies back. You see it in Alabama. You see it in Alabama. 
But I'm not going to worry so much about other countries. I want to treat them with respect, I want to treat them good and I want their people to fight for them just like I'm going to fight. But we're going to be like your football teams, we're going to win all the time, we're going to win. Believe me. 
I believe the best path to a more peaceful world are proud, independent and sovereign nations that serve and respect their own people. When you look at what's going on in the world, you have so many where they don't respect their people. But we want nations that cooperate together to create better for all people. That's what we're all about, all people.
And we can't have madmen out there shooting rockets all over the place.  And by the way, "Rocket Man"" should have been handled a long time ago.  He should have been handled a long time ago by Clinton. I won't mention the Republicans
Why did this -- you know, this is a different time. This should have been handled eight years ago and four years ago and 15 years ago and 20 years ago and 25 years ago. This shouldn't be handled now. But I'm going to handle it because we have to handle it. 
Little "Rocket Man."" We're going to do it because we really have no choice. We really have no choice. Now
And I want to tell you something, and I'm sure he's listening because he watches every word. And I guarantee you one thing, he's watching us like he never watched anybody before, that I can tell you, that I can tell you.  And maybe something gets worked out and maybe it doesn't. Personally, I'm not sure that it will.
Other people like to say, oh, we want peace. You know, they've been saying now for 25 years, oh, we want peace, we want peace. And then he goes and just keeps going, going, going. Well, maybe something gets worked out and maybe it doesn't.
But I can tell you one thing, you are protected, OK? You are protected. Nobody is going to mess with our people.  Nobody is going to play games. Nobody is going to put our people in that kind of danger.
Nobody.  And Japan and South Korea are right up there with us. And by the way, many other countries, many, many other countries, they're right up there with us. And I have to tell you, I made a friend in China, President Xi, and yesterday he basically took the banking industry away from North Korea.
Never been done before.  Never been done. That's based on relationship. Relationship is very good.
But we're dealing with somebody that we'll figure out he may be smart, he may be strategic and he may be totally crazy. But you know what? No matter what he is, we're going to handle it, folks, believe me. We're going to handle it.  The foundation for progress begins at home with a government that protects and defends our citizens.
And that's what we have to do. That is why I'm here tonight to ask the good people of Alabama to send Luther Strange to the United States Senate so he can defend your interests, fight for your values and always put America first. Go out and get out the vote! 
But I'm going to tell you, I'll just tell you this quick, crazy story. So why do I like Luther? Because, you know, I have a lot of friends and some of them called, do you mind if I go for the other candidate? I said really you can, I mean, some of them are working for me and they feel and that's fine.
Of course, they may not have a job on Monday, but these are my -- right, Richard? We may have to get rid of a few of them. I've already gotten rid of a few of them. But they're good people. No, they're good people.
But I'll tell you what happened. The first go around on health care, I said, you know, for seven years we've been hearing repeal and replace Obamacare, right? For seven years I've been hearing repeal and replace. So I'm very much involved. You know, they like to say, well, Mr.
Trump, President Trump sat in the Oval Office and didn't -- I'm on the phone screaming at people all day long for weeks. They gave me a list of 10 people that were absolute noes. These are 10 Republican senators. Now, John McCain's list... 
John McCain was not on the list, so that was a totally unexpected thing, terrible. Honestly terrible. Repeal and replace because John McCain, if you look at his campaign, his last campaign, was all about repeal and replace, repeal and replace. So he decided to do something different and that's fine.
And I say we still have a chance to -- oh, we're going to do it eventually, we're going to do it eventually. With Luther and everyone we're going to do it. But I have to tell you this story because we're here tonight for Luther Strange. I'm here sort of for two.
I'm here for Luther and I'm actually here, it's a Friday night, I really do love the people of Alabama because you've treated me so good.  In fact, I said, I don't want to speak negatively, I said, though, that if I lose this election, maybe I'll end up moving to Alabama or Kentucky or, like, some states.  I mean, nice to go where people love you and where you love them because it's special. So here's what happened.
Here's what happened. But we never want to lose, right, despite that. We don't want to lose because we have a great agenda. And by the way, we're doing a lot of work, we're getting a lot of things done.
They hate to admit it. Including we have a Supreme Court justice, Judge Gorsuch, who will save how about a thing called your Second Amendment, right. OK, remember that?  If crooked Hillary got elected, you would not have a Second Amendment, believe me. You'd be handing in your rifles.
You'd be saying here, here, here they are.  You'd be turning over your rifles. You've got to speak to Jeff Sessions about that.  So here's what happened with Luther.
So Luther, I get this list, 10 names of people that are absolute total noes. And there were good people, a lot of them. By the way, in all fairness, Rand Paul was on that list. They said don't even waste your time calling him.
He voted twice yes, OK? He was very good. And I haven't given up on him because I think he may come around, OK? Wouldn't it be ironic if he took John McCain's place and they definitely do not like each other. Wouldn't that be ironic? That would be very ironic for those of you that know the inner workings of the Senate. So with Luther, so I have a list and one of the names is Luther Strange.
And I know he's the senator from Alabama, but I don't know him, I met him once. I said that is the tallest human being I've ever seen. I'm tall. I'm tall.
I never saw something -- he's, like, he should be on the New York Nicks, they could use him. So that's why I call him "Big Luther
OK. And I'll get a vote or I won't, whatever, but brutal, brutal. You know what that is, folks, right? It's called brutality. I call another one, I say, Senator, we need your vote, I know you're opposed to it, but I -- well, you know, I think I can get there, but you have to do me a favor.
You have to see my brother and his wife, they love you and they want to have dinner with you and they want to have breakfast with you and lunch, then after you're finished with them, how about we'll go out for a picnic someplace on the White House lawn and then after that maybe we'll start talking about it.
I say, oh, my, oh, it was brutal. You have no idea. OK. Now I call Luther Strange.
I say, oh, I've got to call this guy and he's a no, right? And I say, Senator, I need your help. I said I've got to get your vote on health care. He says you've got it.  I said, what do you mean I have it? Because I've just been hammered by all of these people.
Right? What do you mean I have it? He said, sir, I was for you right from the beginning, I knew you were going to win, I knew you were going to win the whole thing. I've always been for you, my family has always been for you. And honestly, Mr. President, if you want my vote you have it.
I said, do I have to come and meet you someplace? Do I have to have dinner with your family? I think his wife, by the way, is fantastic. But I said, do I have to have dinner with you and your wife? No, sir, you don't have to have anything. I've supported you from the beginning and you shouldn't even waste anymore time talking to me. Mr.
President, you have my total support. I went home and told my wife that's the coolest thing that's happened to me in six months. OK? It's true. It's a true story. 
And then time goes by. And he voted and then, of course, you know, John McCain came in and he went thumbs down at 3:00 in the morning.  Oh, do I know so much, folks, I could tell you. It was sad.
And we had a couple of other senators, but, you know, at least we knew where we stood there. That was, like, really a horrible thing. Honestly, that was a horrible, horrible thing that happened to the Republican Party. That was a horrible thing.
So anyway, so time goes by and I see Luther's in a race. And people are saying he's friendly. Whether you like Mitch McConnell or not, doesn't matter, but they're saying he's friendly with Mitch. He doesn't even know Mitch McConnell.
He was just there for a few months. And they've put that mantle around his neck. And I told Mitch I'd like to say this. You know, I don't like to, but I'm telling you he doesn't know Mitch McConnell at all.
Luther is a tough, tough cookie. He doesn't deal with and kowtow to anybody. So they put it around. So all of a sudden, I see he's down in the race by a lot.
And I said, man, that's really unfair. They were giving him a bum rap because he happened to be in the Senate. They were giving him a bum rap. And I remember the call.
And by the way, the other people that I called, and they're all fine, but you don't even remember. The dinners, you don't even remember any of it. You remember one sentence: Sir, don't even waste your time talking anymore, you have a lot of business to do, you have my vote. This was a definite no.
And I said that's the coolest thing and I remembered it. And I called him. And I checked and he was down because of being saddled with stuff. He was down by quite a bit.
And I said I'm going to endorse you. And he didn't believe it. He said you would do that? I said, yeah, I'm going to do that. I shouldn't be doing it.
The last thing I want to do is be involved in a primary, OK? I could be sitting home right now getting to watch some of the games tomorrow, getting ready, right? But seriously, the last thing I wanted to do is get -- but I'll never forget the way he did that. It was really cool. So what happened is I called him and I said, you know, I want to -- first of all, how are you doing, how are you doing?
And he said, honestly I'm down a little bit, but I think we're going to -- I said I think you're going to come back, too, Luther. I think you're going to come back and you're going to kick everyone's ass and you're going to do great, you're going to do great. 
Because he got saddled with things that he should not have gotten saddled with. So he started off here, he was in third or fourth, he went to third, second and now it's, like, almost pretty even, right? And I called him up a week ago and I said, you know, I think you're down by a few points, but I'm going to come to Alabama and I'm going to make a speech for you on Friday.  And such a true story. And as soon as we announced -- you know, you look at this arena.
You know, the media, the fake news I call it, the worst, the fake news...  ...they won't show this. You know, they'll say Donald Trump spoke before a small crowd in Alabama last night. It was a small crowd, very unenthusiastic crowd, it was a terrible evening.
No, these are among the most dishonest people. I really mean it. These are among the most dishonest.  For instance, look at the crowd.
I'd love to have them show the crowd, but they don't show the crowd, they show me the whole night. I go home, I say, Melania -- and by the way, she's become very popular, hasn't she? She's become very popular.  And, I mean, she respects the White House, we love the White House. They actually said about me that I called the White House a dump.
I think the White House is one of the most beautiful buildings I've ever seen. And I speak of it with reverence. And they said that and they wouldn't retract it. And I hated it because I speak so well, I love the White House.
But my wife respects the White House greatly. So when she leaves the plane, we're going to Texas where they had the hurricane, and she leaves the plane and she's dressed appropriately for the White House, you know, because we respect the White House a lot. And she's wearing high heels, like many of you would do. And they went after her.
But she didn't know. And then when she got out in the plane in Texas she was wearing sneakers which she had with her.  And they know it was dishonest, but that's the way it is. They said she wore high heels.
You know, she's going to go into the floods. She's going to go into the floods with high heels. But she has become very popular. But I have to say this.
So Luther did that for me. And I remembered Luther. We have to be loyal in life, you know. There's something called loyalty with these folks. 
And I might have made a mistake and I'll be honest I might have made a mistake. Because, you know, here's a story, if Luther doesn't win, they're not going to say we picked up 25 points in a very short period of time. They're going to say Donald Trump, the president of the United States, was unable to pull his candidate across the line. It is a terrible, terrible moment for Trump.
This is total embarrassment. I mean, these are bad people. And by the way, both good men, both good men. And you know what? And I told Luther, I have to say this, if his opponent wins, I'm going to be here campaigning like hell for him. 
But I have to say this, and you understand this and just look at the polls, Luther will definitely win.  You know what I'm saying. Roy has a very good chance of not winning in the general election. It's all about the general.
Don't forget, we don't stop here. You have an election coming up the day this is over. So this is over on Tuesday. On Wednesday morning, the new race begins.
You've got to beat a Democrat. Luther is going to win easily and Roy's going to have a hard time winning. But I will be backing him if he wins. I will be backing him, OK? I'll tell you that. 
And just like I backed Huntsville -- because, you know, if you look at Huntsville, billions and billions of dollars from the and to the Army missile defense, what you're going -- how important.
By the way, by the way, how important are those words now when you hear "missile defense?"" Thank you very much
Again, if the other candidate had won against me, that would have gone way down. It was going way down. You don't know what we're doing. We're rebuilding the military at a level to which it's never been before, we're rebuilding. 
But that would have gone way, way down. And then you look at, as an example, the new FBI facility that's being build. Great, great. You look at NASA, how about NASA? Billions of dollars. 
And Richard Shelby, by the way, has been a big help on this, I have to tell you, a big help.  He's been a big help. But I will say this. We're spending a tremendous amount of money in Alabama and you are doing great.
And as long as I'm president, you are going to have so much money spent here. And you know what? Lots of other states also. We're bringing back jobs. We're bringing back companies, companies are not building in other areas, in some cases they've already started the plant and they're not, they're coming back. 
I'm renegotiating NAFTA, one of the worst trade deals ever made. It's one of the worst trade deals ever made.  We stopped other trade deals. We are doing a job.
We are -- I'll tell you what, we have jobs and companies pouring back into this country like they haven't seen, the lowest unemployment in almost 17 years.  The most number of jobs. The most number of jobs in the history of our country. Now, with all of that being said, we have a lot of people that want to work, we have a lot of people that have given up on finding jobs.
Those people are going to be taken care of. That's one of the reasons that we, we as a group, that's why we won. One of the reasons. I think we won because of the military.
I think we won because of the vets. I think we won because of the evangelicals. I mean, take a look at that, right?  But I had to tell that story about Luther because, you know what, you go back and tell it, I thought it was really cool. So I said I'll be there.
And then I saw some things that I didn't like. He was down a little further than I liked. I said I'm not sure. And I said, Luther, you have got what it takes.
You have really got it and let's go. And that was two months ago. And you've got yourself an even race. If you guys go out and vote, if he gets out the vote, you're going to win.
You're going to have a great senator.  You're going to have a great senator. And he won't only be great, he'll be the tallest senator in the history of the United States Senate. It's OK, that's not so bad, right?  And Shelby's pretty tall, too, by the way.
But he is going to be great because he's tough on crime, he's tough on borders.  Don't worry, don't even think about it. And you know who I have here tonight? General John Kelly who headed up homeland security.  And what a job he did on the borders.
Where's General? Where is he? Where is he? General, come up here quick. Come here. Come here. Four-star, come here, come, come, come, come, come. 
This guy, what a great man this is. No games, you know? You know the expression? There's no games being played. Four-star Marine, there are very few, four-star general.  He just wants to work.
He's done a great job. Four-star Marine, that's good. But what he did on the borders, and this is without the wall -- by the way, the wall is happening, folks, OK. Believe me, the wall is happening. 
In fact, you probably saw, you know, we have a wall up there now and we're renovating it already, it's being made pristine, perfect, just as good as new, although we may go a little bit higher than that, but that's OK. And we're building samples of the new wall. You know, it has to be a see-through wall. I don't know if you know this, frankly, I didn't know it until about a year ago, as much as I say.
If you can't have vision through it you don't know who's on the other side. Let's say we build a pre-cast concrete wall and now we have people on the other side. Literally, I was given an example. It's so bad, it's going to stop drugs, it's going to stop a lot of bad things because the drug epidemic in this country is out of control, we're going to stop it.
And I called the other day, I spoke to your governor. I said, how are you doing? She said, well, we have about 17 million people that just entered Alabama for shelter.
We're going to stop it.  But they would literally -- so you have a concrete wall, and that's what I do best, that's what I do, that's what I really do, although we done a good job at politics, too. In all fairness, we've only been doing it for about two years.  But I do best, I build.
So you have a concrete wall and you have Mexico, wonderful, wonderful place, Mexico, and you have over here the United States. But you can't see anything, right? So now they take drugs literally and they throw it, a hundred pounds of drugs. They throw it over the wall, they have catapults, but they throw it over the wall and it lands and it hits somebody on the head, you don't even know they're there. Believe it or not, this is the kind of stuff that happens.
So you need to have a great wall, but it has to be see-through. We are now looking at samples. We have four samples that have already been built, General, right? They've been built. And we're looking at different samples already of see-through walls.
And I think also I have to be honest with you, a see-through wall would look better. You know, you don't have that whatever it might be. But we are looking at four different samples built by four great companies, four different concepts. They're just about completed.
I'm going to go out and look at them personally, I'm going to pick the right one. We're renovating the existing wall. And we are going to have as much wall as we need. You don't need it all the way.
You know, you have 2,000 miles, you don't need it because you have a lot of natural barriers, et cetera. Somebody said, well, what are you going to do? Are you going to build that wall in the middle of the river that nobody can go in? Are you going to build that wall on the mountain? I said you don't need the wall on the mountain, you have a mountain which is a wall. But we're going to build the wall, it's coming along great. We're soon going to have the final choices done.
And the renovations will be done, I would say, within the next six or seven months. We're spending a tremendous amount of money and we're going to have that. So I just wanted to let you know where we are.  So we're very, very happy about that, you know, because every once in a while you hear, well, you know, he doesn't really want to build the wall.
I say, excuse me? That's the great thing about Twitter, OK?  You know, when the press is dishonest, which is most of the time, and when they say, like, I don't want to build a wall, I can tweet that was a false story, boom, boom, boom.  No. You know, it's really not a question about we want to do a wall, but we really have to do a wall in order to stop the drugs in particular. And we've been dealing with ICE, we've been dealing with the Border Patrol.
They both endorsed me, first time they've ever endorsed a candidate for president. And these guys know better than anybody. They know better than the architects, better than the consultants.  This country used to go out and get consultants.
They'd spend a fortune on consultants to say what to do, how to build it and everything. They didn't have a clue. They got out of the Harvard school of something and they'd write about a wall. Let me just tell you, the best guys to tell you what to do are the Border Patrol or ICE.
These are the guys that know. And you know what it costs? It costs nothing, nothing. We get it free and they're happy to do it. I was with them two weeks ago.
They're happy to do it. So it's really great and it's just going to be a very important element to making America great again, like your hat.  When it comes to reforming Washington and taking on the bureaucracy, I'm telling you, because I've seen him, he's tough as hell, Luther is your man. Luther wants to end business as usual, stop the insider dealing and Luther Strange is determined to drain that swamp. 
Luther's been fighting hard for the people of Alabama and for the people of the United States since his first job in office. Now, I have to tell you something, he hasn't been there very long. And again, he doesn't know those people. He had never met them, he doesn't know them, and they can't saddle him with it, but he doesn't know those people.
But Luther has worked so hard. And I know the ones that work hard and I know the ones that don't work hard. In fact, I was talking about it with Richard before. Don't worry, Richard, I'm not going to give away any of these secrets.
But we were talking about it. We were talking about -- he's a hard worker, Richard, I want to tell you that. He's been working hard for 34 years.  But we were talking, we were talking about who are the smart ones, who are the hardworking ones.
We talked about who are the less- smart ones, too. I learned a lot. That's a lot of knowledge. But Luther shares our convictions and our vision.
And maybe most importantly, he shares our agenda. Remember, he's going to win the race. He's going to win the race.  And I'm not talking here, I'm talking against the Democrat, which starts very quickly.
But it's why we need each and every one of you to get a friend, go out, get a family member, get the whole family and bring them out to vote for "Big Luther"" Strange. You've got to vote for him
Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners when somebody disrespects our flag to say get that son of a bitch off the field right now, out, he's fired, he's fired.  You know, some owner is going to do that.
He's going to say that guy that disrespects our flag, he's fired.  And that owner, they don't know it, they don't know it, they're friends of mine, many of them, they don't know it, they'll be the most popular person for a week, they'll be the most popular person in this country because that's a total disrespect of our heritage, that's a total disrespect of everything that we stand for, OK? Everything that we stand for.
And I know we have freedoms and we have freedom of choice and many, many different freedoms. But you know what? It's still totally disrespectful. And, you know, when the NFL ratings are down massively, massively...  The NFL ratings are down massively.
Now, the number-one reason happens to be that they like watching what's happening on, you know, with yours truly.  They like what's happening. Because, you know, today if you hit too hard, right, they hit too hard, 15 yards, throw him out of the game. They had that last week.
I watched for a couple of minutes and two guys just really a beautiful tackle, boom, 15 yards. The referee gets on television, his wife it sitting at home, she's so proud of him, they're ruining the game. Right?  They're ruining the game. Hey, look, that's what they want to do, they want to hit, OK? They want to hit.
But it is hurting the game. But you know what's hurting the game more than that? When people like yourselves turn on television and you see those people taking the knee when they're playing our great "National Anthem.""  The only thing you could do better is if you see it
Not the same game anymore anyway. Now, one of the things we've done, and when I say "we"" it's us
Right? We cherish our magnificent Constitution and we believe judges must interpret the Constitution as written and that includes defending, as I just said, our great Second Amendment.  We support the rule of law and we stand strong with the incredible men and women of law enforcement.  We protect our citizens, uphold our traditions and we will always defend our borders.  These are Alabama values.
I understand the people of Alabama. I feel like I'm from Alabama, frankly.  Isn't it a little weird when a guy who lives on 5th Avenue in the most beautiful apartment you've ever seen comes to Alabama and Alabama loves that guy. I mean, it's crazy, it's crazy. 
It's crazy. But I do, I understand your values, I love your values and those are the values that I believe in. Those are the values, those are the values that made this country. Those are the values that made this country great.
Those are the values. I understand those values.  But as you know, these values have been under attack for many years in Washington. And that's why we need a person like Luther Strange.
We need him. You've got to get out and vote.  You know, I think if everybody in this room gets out and votes, Luther, you win easily. You've got to vote.
Just get out and vote. Got to get out and vote.  So Luther's not in Washington to serve the special interests, like a lot of people. Even the way he handled that thing with me.
He didn't ask me, oh, you've got to do this and that. In the end, what did he do? He got better. I would never have done that. Let's say he was difficult.
I would never, but he never went quid pro quo, he just treated me great. And I called him, I said, you want me to help you? He couldn't believe it. He said, why? I said because you gave me the coolest answer I've had in a long time. That's why I'm here, he didn't ask me. 
The only mistake he made, I shouldn't say this, he said, sir, we have a venue that holds a thousand people. I said, Luther, that's no good, a thousand people, we can do much better than that. And then we came up with this job and we are packed. And by the way, outside there are thousands of people that can't get in, they do not have your real estate ability.
OK? Thousands, you've got thousands of people outside.  Thousands. And they may be listening because we put some big speakers out there and I hope they're going to vote for Luther. They may not be too happy.
But I think they will. So Luther came to Washington to serve you and to represent you. And I can tell you that when "Big Luther
We don't have to go into it because a lot of them are now friends of mine, a lot of them are friends of mine. So nobody ever called you "Big Luther?"" I think it's a great name. The guy is 7 feet tall. What are you going to do? Call him -- I can never call him little Luther
But when he walks in, everybody knows that Alabama has arrived.  Luther was a very, very advanced Eagle Scout who has not spent his lifetime in politics. He only entered public life in recent years. And he's been in Washington for even less time than me, so he doesn't know all these people that he's supposed to know.
He has his own mind. He has the mind that you want. In his short time in public office, Luther has proved that he's not beholden to anyone and not afraid to take on anyone. And I've seen it.
As your attorney general in Alabama, Luther won over 25 public corruption convictions.  And now he's brought that same political courage to Washington. And I have to tell you, friends of mine, because I have a lot of friends in Alabama.
And friends of mine have told me very strongly that if Luther wasn't appointed to office for the short term, if he just said he's going to run when you have to run, which is now, he'd be leading every poll by 50 points, he'd be killing everybody. But the fact that he got appointed hurt him.
In fact, he was thinking about not accepting that. But if Luther just didn't take an appointment, if he just ran, there wouldn't even be a contest. Nobody could come close to him. So it's one of those things.
But I can tell you personally, because I've been dealing with him for the months that he's been there, I'm very lucky and this country is very lucky that he did take that appointment because he's done a hell of a job.  And that's what we need in Washington, people who have the courage to stand strong for our values, our family, our nation, people who have the courage to challenge a failed system.
Look with Obamacare, I've been listening for seven years as many of these people -- now, Richard kept voting against it, but many of these kept saying repeal and replace, repeal and replace. Then they finally have now -- they didn't care, nobody cared because they had a president that wasn't going to sign it and they didn't have the Senate, so it didn't matter.
So it didn't take much courage. So they were getting all these great votes, you know, like, I think they voted, what, 61 times, like, 61 times to repeal and replace. They finally get a president who will sign the legislation and they don't have the guts to vote for it. OK? They don't have the guts to vote for it. 
And I was told congratulations, you won, you won. You know why I won? Because the Electoral College is a very special thing. And I decided, very, I think, intelligently, to campaign in the states that you have to win for the Electoral College victory that you need. You know, it's very simple, very simple. 
I took a pass on a lot of states, the Electoral College, and I've never really been in favor of it, but now I appreciate it. No, no, I tell you what. To me, winning the popular vote is easier because you go to New York, you go to California, you go to Texas. The beauty with the Electoral College is I was going to Maine, I was going all over.
I was going to smaller states It brings the whole country into play. It brings certain states into play that would never really be thought of.  But I focused heavily on Pennsylvania and North Carolina. I focused very heavily here.
But I actually made one speech here. And I said, fellow and folks, do you mind if I don't come back for a while because we have, like, a 38-point lead and I'd much rather spend my time in Florida, which we won quite easily, and Pennsylvania and North Carolina and lots of other places.  So, Alabama, you were great. I mean, we won by so much.
So the Electoral College is actually something I've come to respect. But it's sort of, like, if you're a 100-yard dash guy or if you're a long- distance runner, you train differently. Well, if you're going for the Electoral College, that's a much different race. So if Hillary runs again in four years, which I hope she does, we're going to teach her... 
...we're going to teach her to spend more time in Michigan. We're going to teach her to go to Wisconsin. We're going to teach her to spend a little more capability in Pennsylvania, North Carolina and Florida, which she lost, and she actually spent a tremendous amount of money. So I just want to -- because, you know, you hear so much about this.
Remember this: If you're going for the Electoral College, it's a much different race. You don't spend your time in California and New York and these different places. You spend your time in Iowa and Ohio. Remember? You can't win unless you win Ohio.
Well, we won Ohio by a lot because I spent a lot of time up there.  But I would rather have the popular vote count because for me it would be easier than winning the Electoral College, which they said a Republican could not win, if you remember. Remember, they said there is no way to 270 for Trump. That's why I went to Maine four times because I needed one, I needed one.
They said there is no way. Well, we ended up with 306. There is no way. I guess they were right. 
No, no, Luther, they were right. They were 100 percent right. There is no way to 270, yes, but there is a way to 306. OK? So we won by a lot.
But when you hear all this nonsense, when you're a golfer and you have match play or you're a golfer and you have stroke play, different tournament, you train differently. Same with runners, same with lots of other things. So they have to learn their lesson. They have to campaign in areas that really matter.
But we had such a great victory it was just something that was awe-inspiring and something that I think everybody in this room will never, ever forget. And I appreciate the fact that the people of Alabama were with me right from the first day. And they said to me don't come back, go to those other states that you have to work. I appreciate it. 
And by the way, folks, just in case you're, like, curious, no, Russia did not help me. OK? Russia.  I call it the Russian hoax, one of the great hoaxes. Actually, that's the thing I was thinking about.
That's the thing that the Democrats did best. They lost the election and they didn't know what happened. And they needed an excuse, so they said Russia. And then they said, wait a minute, wait a minute, Russia and Trump.
Honestly? It's the thing they did best. They did a rotten job of running. But to convince people about this hoax, that was probably the thing that they did best, but it is one great hoax. No, Russia did not help me, that I can tell you, OK. 
Any Russians in the audience? Are there any Russians in the audience please? I don't see too many Russians. I didn't see too many Russians in Pennsylvania. I didn't see too many Russians. We need people in this country who have the courage to say what they mean, to do what they say and never, ever to back down.
As your attorney general, Luther helped you lead the fight in court against the Obama administration's big power grabs. That includes challenging the EPA's clean power plan, which, by the way, did you see what I did to that? Boom, gone. Look at that guy, he knows. Gone. 
And I did that one without Luther. But he defended it and got rid of a lot of things on a state level. And also, I've defended and Luther has defended so vigorously religious liberty from Obamacare and the fighting of Obama's and the administration's dangerous, dangerous, really almost you could say inhumane plan on refugees. It's inhumane.
When I opened my election, I talked about what was happening, the viciousness of what was happening. A lot of people thought it was tough, turned out to be true. In fact, it turned out to be understated, not overstated. And that was a big part of our success.
Since the day "Big Luther"" arrived in the United States Senate
I'm just telling you he doesn't know him, he just just got there. I said, how well do you know him? He said I just met him, because he just got there. He's been there for a very short period of time. And in fact, he just came out against, and he was against it before, but he just came out against that totally ridiculous rule, the filibuster rule.
It's ridiculous.  So we have 52 senators. And on a lot of legislation, you need 60 votes. That means we have to get eight Democrats.
And then they get upset with me when I go to see Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, who are very nice, they get upset. Why did you see them? I said because this rule is crazy. We have 260 bills. Many of those bills, not all of them, because they can use reconciliation for those of you that are interested in that, but that's a trick, that's just a trick, many of those bills will never get passed, most of them won't because you cannot get 60 votes, you cannot.
It means that eight Democrats control the Senate. Now, I think we're going to pick up seats in '18. I'm going to work very hard. I think we're going to pick up Democratic seats, I believe that. 
We're going to pick up Democratic seats, but they have to get rid of the filibuster rule. Basically, we can't go to 60, we want 51. That's how we have Judge Gorsuch. If we didn't have that, you would not have Judge Gorsuch right now on the Supreme Court. 
Luther was with us on withdrawing the United States from the deeply unfair, job-killing Paris climate accord. OK?  You know, it sounds so nice, but it was a killer. It was a killer for our country and it was very unfair. As an example, we kick in now -- China, who I love right now, this week.
Don't forget, that was a big thing. Got a 15 to nothing vote twice. And I must say, Russia and China both came along, they both came along, that was a great thing.  And maybe more importantly, maybe it's more important, but maybe more importantly that when China did this banking thing, that's so big.
Let's see. I'll let you know if it's big in a little while. Let's see what happens, OK? Let's see what happens. But certainly, it's never been done and I think you're going to see some good things.
I think China wants to get this problem over with, they don't need it. That's their part of the world, they don't need it. They do not need this problem. And they're very smart and they're good people.
And the president is a really good man and he loves China. But it's good for China getting rid of that menace. It's really good for China, believe me.  Luther's with us on cracking down on dangerous sanctuary cities that release criminal aliens into our communities.
What's that all about?  And by the way, Jeff Sessions is working very hard on that, really hard, really hard and effectively, very effectively.  Luther is with us on cutting taxes and bringing jobs back to America. He's with us on giving our military the tools, unlimited. He wants the military taken care of and funding the fight so that we win without question and that's where we're going, $700 billion. 
He not only has my endorsement, remember this, he also has the endorsement of my great friend and vice president, Mike Pence.  He has the endorsement of the National Rifle Association, the NRA. That's a biggie, that's a big one. Luther, that's big. 
He's got the endorsement of the National Right to Life and the Alabama farmers, that's big stuff.  Those a big endorsements. That NRA endorsement, I'm telling you, that is a powerful endorsement. With Luther Strange, you don't just send a message to Washington, you send a fighter to change Washington the way we all know it can be.
Since Election Day on November 8th, we've already achieved historic wins for the American people. The stock market has reached its highest point in history.  They hate it. They hate to hear that, oh.
We're up, like, 22 percent since November, 22 percent since Election Day. I think it's even more than that. But it's reached the highest point, think of it, the highest point. And unemployment is at the lowest level it's been for 16 years, close to 17. 
Most importantly to me, and I have to say it and I'll say it again because I said it at the beginning, but I have to sort of wrap it up and say it again, companies are flowing back into our country. They want to be here. 
I was with one of the great gentlemen that I became friendly with, a leader of a major, major country, so I won't tell you because I said I'd keep it private, so, you know, there are only probably a lot of people watching on television. Oh, look at all those red lights.
It's always fun to see a red light. Like, CNN has a red light on. And then I start saying it's fake news and you see that light go off so fast.  By the way, do you think they showed the room? Look, do you think they showed up the little nooks and crannies of this? Do you think they showed the room? I don't think so. 
If there's an empty seat, they'll show that empty seat. Two people, they got up, they went to the bathroom, they're coming back in five, they show those empty seats every single time.  Fake news. So I'm really proud because a record, in the history of our country, stock market, tremendous gains.
People that run companies, that truly hate me, they now love me. They're coming up, Mr. President, sir, I'm making them all, everybody -- and that means jobs, it means everybody. I'm serious.
People that truly dislike your president, the heads of these companies are coming up and hugging me and kissing me and, oh, they are just -- but I'm not doing it for them, I'm doing it for jobs, I'm doing it for the country. That I can tell you. 
Doing it for the country. I told you many times during the campaign, but I told you many times, and this is not even a choice, we're renegotiating NAFTA and we're either going to get a fair deal or we're going to terminate NAFTA.
It's very simple, OK? Because it's one of the worst deals ever, ever negotiated.  One of the worst deals ever negotiated. Every day I am keeping my promise. We have done so much.
You know, they don't like to say it, but we've passed over 50 pieces of legislation. That means going through Congress, that means getting approved by the House and the Senate and signing. That's not including all of the executive orders I've signed. That's not including the fact that we have reduced unnecessary regulations to a point that this country hasn't seen in years.
And we're not finished yet.  But one of my biggest promises has been to our great veterans. And we are doing one of our best jobs there.  We are doing one of our best jobs with our veterans.
We publish online wait times at every VA facility, opened the promised White House VA hotline, extended Veterans' Choice. Do you know what that is? The veterans, our greatest people, these are our greatest, our bravest, our most wonderful people.  And in some cases, they get older and things happen. They're waiting in line for seven days, for nine days, for 16 days.
And in some cases, they die. In some cases, they could have a simple procedure, they can have a simple prescription and it takes 11 or 12 days to get off line to see the doctor. By the time they get to the doctor, they're terminal. So I said, without knowing much, but having a lot of common sense and very good up here, always, always... 
But I said, you know, like you people, I said that doesn't make sense if they're waiting in line. Can you imagine, we have a lot of people that are very successful people here, can you imagine going to your doctor and having him say you'll have to wait for 11 days?
If I have to wait for two seconds I go crazy. Hopefully, we don't have to see too many doctors, that's even better, right? But they wait for days and days. And now they go, right outside, they go to a doctor in the area, we pay the bill and it's the least expensive thing we can do and we save everybody's life and everybody's happy. 
Everybody's happy. And when I first heard, because I've only been doing this for a little while, but when I first heard of the problem, that's what I said. Why aren't they just going to see a doctor we'll pay? And we've got to negotiate with the doctors pretty careful because, you know, I know a lot about doctors where they charge a lot of money, so we've got to be a little careful. But now the people are happy.
We are doing so many things. We have VA worker accountability. For 40 years they've been trying to get it passed, they couldn't. I will not blame the unions and I will not blame civil service.
But that was the problem, OK? You have the unions, you have the -- they didn't want it. For 40 years, they couldn't get it passed. So you would have people working in the VA who were sadists, who would abuse our great, great people, our great veterans. By the way, 25 years before, they would have had their ass kicked by the same person that they're abusing.
They would have been in trouble.  They would have been in trouble. Twenty-five years earlier, they wouldn't be doing it. But that's the way it is.
But they're sadists or they're doing a bad job or they're not working. You couldn't fire them. I had passed the VA Accountability Act. We have a great man, David Shulkin, Dr.
David Shulkin, he's running the VA. He has done more in eight months than they've done at the VA for years and years and years. And it's really getting good over there, so very proud of him because I made that promise.  And in the best tradition of America's greatest leaders, we're standing up for American workers and defending American jobs and American industry. 
We're building our future with American hands, American labor and American iron, aluminum and steel. We will buy American, we will hire American. In first month in office...  ...I withdrew the United States from the disastrous and job- killing, it would have been a disaster, the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
A great ripoff. You want to see jobs leave the country, sign that. And they were going to sign that as fast as they could. That was a disaster for this country.
We're eliminating unnecessary regulations so we can create more jobs and wealthy right here in America. I've ended the Obama administration's war on coal and we're putting our wonderful coal miners back to work producing beautiful clean coal. 
And here's one that nobody had the guts to do and I did it in my first very few days in office. I authorized the construction of the Keystone Pipeline and the Dakota Access Pipeline, over 50,000 jobs, 50,000 beautiful construction jobs. 
And environmentally better, much better. We've increased our military and defense budget to the highest level it's been probably ever.  It's going to be over $700 billion. We're going to rebuild it.
We are rebuilding. We're ordering new fighters, we're ordering new jets. You know what's been happening. The jets are so old that the father flew them and then the son goes into the Air Force and he flies the same plane.
True. And we've committed to expanding and improving a state-of-the-art missile defense system. Thank you very much, Huntsville, Alabama. Thank you.
Thank you, Huntsville. Right?  It's amazing the way all of a sudden missile defense system sounds so good. And by the way, these systems, I watch them and I see what's being developed. I mean, they're taking out rockets that are going so fast and the percentage of success is so high, it's so brilliant what we can do so that we can do what we have to do to have a safe country.
So I want to thank you, Huntsville, because you're a big part of it.  We've just brought back the National Space Council to restore America's legacy of leadership in space, it leads to so many things.  The council will be chaired by Vice President Pence who is visiting your NASA facility in Huntsville on Monday to get you out to vote. That's why, get you out to vote. 
And we're making our communities safe again by going after violent criminals and putting dangerous offenders behind bars. They're going in fast, they're going in fast.  We have the backs of our police officers, our ICE officers and our Border Patrol officers. And we have their backs 100 percent, just like they take care of us. 
One by one we're finding, and I mean in large numbers, and our guys are much tougher than their guys, we're finding the gang members, the drug dealers and the criminals who prey on our people. We're throwing them the hell out of our country and we will not let them back in. They don't come back in anymore. It's a different age. 
They don't come back in. We also understand that immigration security is a national, it's really a national treasure, but it's a national security. We need national security for safety. We're going to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of our country.
Sorry, sorry.  Call up some of the other countries in the world, say, how are you doing, folks? Not so good. We're creating an immigration system that puts American workers and American families first. We're moving quickly to pass a massive tax cut and simplification for the middle class.
We want new tax returns, we want simplification, we want reform. And you know what we really want? We want massive tax cuts. That's what we're doing for business, that's what we're doing for the middle class.  If we want to restore American prosperity, we need tax reform that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family and pro-American. 
The United States currently has the highest business tax rates anywhere in the world, 60 percent higher than other developed countries. This is a massive economic disadvantage for America costing us millions and millions of jobs and trillions of dollars. Under our plan that you're going to see next week -- enjoy it, OK, enjoy it. You're going to love it... 
...it'll be the biggest tax cut. I've got to get it approved by Richard and by Luther, but I have a feeling you'll be OK. Luther, you promise? Because if you don't vote for it, I'm leaving right now. I'm going to take away -- if he doesn't vote for it, I'm taking away the endorsement.
No, but under Luther and under Richard, we're going to have one of the lowest tax rates in the developed world, bringing back our jobs, our companies, bringing them back to our shores. With Luther's help, we're going to reform our tax code to make American business competitive again so that American workers and American companies can win again. 
We're going to bring back to our country three, four, maybe five, nobody even knows what the number is, but many trillions of dollars that is currently parked overseas. And it will be invested right here in the good old USA.
It's coming back into our country. Right now it's impossible to get it back.  We're committed to protecting small businesses and family farmers by ending the death tax on estates.  You lose your farm, you lose your business, you can't pay the tax, we're getting rid of the death tax.
In addition to passing historic tax reforms, Luther and I are totally dedicated to repealing and replacing Obamacare. Now, I have to tell you, maybe we're going to do it now. It's a little tougher without McCain's vote, I'll be honest, it's a little tougher, but we've got some time. We're going to go back.
You know, it's like a boxer, they get knocked down, get up, get knocked down, get up, get knocked down, and then the bad ones they stay on the stool and they say we quit, we quit. The great ones get up and they end up winning. That's what we're going to do.  We might have to go back again and again.
I mean, like, we may make it this time. But the most we'll be is one or two votes short. You can't quit when you have one or two votes short, you can't do it. And those people are not going to be liked by the communities that they come from.
Because in most cases, in I think almost all of the cases, they got elected on the basis of repealing and replacing and they are not doing a service to the people that they represent.  Luther Strange fought against Obamacare as attorney general of Alabama and he fought it well. And he's fighting Obamacare in the Senate and he's going to keep fighting because we're going to win. It's going to be gone.
And we're going to have great health care in this country.  Your premiums are surging, your deductibles are through the roof. Alabama's way up, but we have states that are up 150 percent. We have one state, the state of Alaska, it's up more than 200 percent.
And I'm having a hard time getting a certain vote, but she's a good person and I think she's going to come through. I mean, if you look, Alaska is up over 200 percent. So that means Obamacare is no good. So we shouldn't have a hard time getting her vote and I think she's going to come through.
I hope so. Insurers are fleeing, doctors are quitting, choices are disappearing. Congress must do its job by ending the Obamacare nightmare.  So to deliver for American families, we are also working to pass the RAISE Act, legislation that would end chain migration and switch our country to a merit-based immigration system, merit, merit, merit, people that will help our country, people that will help our country. 
We have Tom Cotton, we have David Perdue, two great senators, and they're working on it. The RAISE Act would keep new immigrants from going on welfare for five years. Isn't that nice? They don't walk over and say I'm going on welfare. Isn't that nice.
Maybe keep them from ever going on welfare. And would require them to support themselves and their families financially.  It's time to create an immigration system that serves the interests of the United States of America. We also want an infrastructure bill that generates $1 trillion of investment in rebuilding our country with American hands and skill and grit.
We want to lift Americans from welfare to work, from dependence to independence and from poverty to prosperity.  Right? We want every American child to grow up learning the dignity of work, the pride of a paycheck and the satisfaction of a job well done. 
We want our citizens to go to work every morning in a job they love, supporting their families and lifting up their communities, like you people have done so well. But we can only bring prosperity back to our country and hope to our struggling communities if we can take our America first agenda, if we can take our make America great again agenda back to Washington and drive it to victory.
We can only achieve those historic legislative wins, and we've had a lot of them in a short period of time, if we have patriots in Congress who are willing to stand up and fight for what we believe. And that guy can do it.  We can only win those fights and we can only drain the swamp if we have smart, tough and tenacious leaders who know who they represent and they know how to deliver. Luther Strange is our man.
He's our man. You've got to get out and vote.  I mean, again, I'm taking a big risk because if Luther doesn't make it they're going to go after me, Luther, these people, these very dishonest people. They're going to say Trump, Trump, Trump, OK? But we've done great together and we have done great over the last two months right here.
This is our moment, this is your moment. This is a big day because you have a lot of people banking on somebody else's victory and then thinking they're going to become Democrats in the state of Alabama. And I don't think that's a good thing.  That's not a good thing.
If this man wins, that race is over. If somebody else wins, I will tell you, that's going to be a very tough race. Every day, we must fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life, for a government that serves you, that protects your family, that upholds your laws and that honors your faith and that defends values and that always puts the needs of our citizens first.  We are Americans and the future belongs to us.
The future belongs to all of you. But we have got to go out and take it. We have got to go out and earn it. We have got to go out and vote.
If we don't vote, it's not going to happen. So on Tuesday, vote for your country, vote for your family, vote for your victory, vote for Luther Strange, he's a phenomenal person. 
And together with the great people of Alabama, and you're giant in the Senate, we will make America strong again, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again! Thank you, Alabama. I love you. Thank you. I love you, Alabama.
She's not supposed to be doing that, and what she did was wrong. And we've been saying that, and that's just the tip of the iceberg. What she did was wrong. Not supposed to be doing that. You know it. The unmasking and the surveillance, and I heard she admitted that yesterday. Just not right. Let's go, folks. We'll go a few more. Go ahead.
 Anybody have any questions?
I think the Governor has done a great job. I think the federal government, working with state and local, has really done a terrific job. Now, the Keys -- we've just gotten word on the Keys. That was just wiped out. That was a hurricane 5 hit it. But we're getting tremendous amounts of supplies, and medical, and a lot of other things out to the Keys.
But for the most part, the electric is going back on. It's already on in certain locations like Miami, but it's going back on on a daily basis. We have massive amounts of electricians, massive amounts of electrical workers all over the state.
They came from all over the country. They came from Canada -- as far away as Canada. There's never been a mobilization of electrical workers like we have in the state of Florida, and it's going on very rapidly. Much of it is already on.
I'll be going to the Virgin Islands. This next week, as you know, is United Nations. And I'm going to be going to the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico sometime the end of next week or the following week.
I spoke to both governors. We've got it very well covered. Virgin Islands was really hit. They were hit about as hard as I've ever seen. But the Virgin Islands were hit. But I'll be going there at the end of the week or the beginning of the following week. I'll also be going to Puerto Rico the same day.
You'll see what I'm going to be doing very shortly in October. But I will say this: The Iran deal is one of the worst deals I've ever seen. Certainly, at a minimum, the spirit of the deal is just atrociously kept, but the Iran deal is not a fair deal to this country. It's a deal that should have never, ever been made. And you'll see what we're doing in a couple of weeks. It's going to be in October.
You'll see. You're going to see. But we are not going to stand for what they're doing to this country. They have violated so many different elements, but they've also violated the spirit of that deal. And you will see what we'll be doing in October. It will be very evident.
Well, many Republicans really like it. As you know, I was with a great Republican representative just now, who you know very well -- two of them -- and they are very, very happy with what I'm doing. And I'm a Republican through and through, but I'm also finding that sometimes to get things through, it's not working that way.
And, you know, we got very poorly treated on the healthcare plan, and now you see what's happening where people are going single-payer -- exactly what I said would happen. And single-payer would be a terrible thing for our country.
So my relationship with the Republicans is excellent. Many of them agree with what I'm doing. You just saw two -- Mario -- you know who I'm talking about -- we just met with two great Republican representatives who love what I'm doing.
But we have to get things passed, and if we can't get things passed then we have to go a different route. We have to get things passed.
Now, you've covered my statement very accurately on the dinner last night, and they cannot obstruct for a wall because we definitely need a wall. I just spoke, by the way, to the President of Mexico, and, as you know, it's been impossible to reach him because he was in the mountains where they had the earthquake, and there was no cell.
And as you know, it's been impossible to reach him because of the -- he was in the mountains where they had the earthquake and there was no cell. We spoke yesterday but the phone, the connection never got put together because he had no access to cell.
But we just had a good talk -- just got finished with him.  And that whole earthquake is terrible, it's just terrible. So we paid our respects, and he, likewise, also paid his respects with respect to Irma and Harvey.
I don't know anything about it. I just heard about it.
I doubt he would do it. I've known him a long time, he is a very straight shooter. So it could be that he used a plane and he's paying for it. I don't know anything about it, I really don't. I just heard about it a little while ago.
Total confidence. I've known him for a long time. He's a very honorable man.
I have confidence in Gary, too.
Tim Scott has been a friend of mine for a long time. I've been a supporter of his when I was civilian. I was one of his earliest supporters, and I supported him when he ran.
And we had a great talk yesterday. I think especially in light of the advent of Antifa, if you look at what's going on there, you know, you have some pretty bad dudes on the other side also. And essentially that's what I said.
Now because of what's happened since then, with Antifa, you look at, you know, really what's happened since Charlottesville -- a lot of people are saying -- in fact a lot of people have actually written, "gee Trump might have a point."" I said
But we had a great conversation and he also has legislation, which I actually like very much -- the concept of which, I support -- to get people going into certain areas and building and constructing and putting people to work. And I told him yesterday, that's a concept I could support very easily.
By the way, it's something I do. But it's something I certainly would continue to do, and we did talk about that.
I would do it. I told him I would do it. He knows --
Let me finish. He knows we've already done it. But I told Tim, and I told him very strongly, I like that and I also like very much legislation having to do with jobs, in certain areas.
I will give you a great example. So we had a surprise from John McCain, and we had the vote and then John McCain came out of nowhere. And we had a surprise. It was a very unpleasant surprise, and now what are we looking at?
We have people now talking about single-payer, and that's what we get. So the Republicans have to stick together better. They had the votes and then John McCain changed his mind, pure and simple.
And if the Republicans don't stick together then I'm going to have to do more and more. And by the way, the Republican Party agrees with me. The people out there definitely agree with me. If they're unable to stick together then I'm going to have to get a little help from the Democrats and I've got that, I'll tell you.
For the tax bill, I would be very surprised if I don't have at least a few Democrats. I have states that I won by 30 points and more, where they have people running. And, frankly, I think and I get the impression that they very much like the ideas of this tax plan.
We'll be submitting on the week of the 25th, the detailed -- everything -- but most of -- most people know about the plan in terms of the details. But we'll actually be opening up the week of the 25th. And I think it's going to be something that's going to be very successful, and I do believe we'll have some Democratic votes.
This is not a plan for the rich. This is a plan for the middle class, and this is a plan for jobs, and this is a plan to bring $4 trillion back into the United States that people have wanted to do for years, both Democrat and Republican. For years they've wanted to bring that money back into the United States.
This is a plan to bring -- it could be more than $4 trillion. Frankly, nobody really knows what the number is. They've been saying for years it's $2.5 trillion, but that was -- for four years I've been hearing that, so obviously it's much more.
I think it's anywhere between $4 trillion and $5 trillion -- could even be more than that. We'll be bringing that back into the United States. I will have tremendous Democrat support and Republican support for that.
It will be revenue-neutral when you add growth because we're going to have magnificent growth. If you look at GDP for the last quarter, it was 3 percent. Everybody was shocked to see that. I think we would have had, I'm not going to use numbers, but I think we would have had substantially more than that for the next quarter in GDP.
The problem is we just got hit with two massive hurricanes, the likes of which we essentially haven't seen before. So that will have a little bit of an impact and maybe more than a little bit of an impact.
But we have GDP -- if you raise -- if you go up one point in GDP, it takes care of many sins. If you go up two points, it takes care of everything. And I think we're going to rocket in terms of GDP.
And don't forget, I've been saying for a long time that GDP is going to be higher than you thought, when GDP -- when it hit 3 percent this last quarter, people, including many of the people here, were very, very surprised because they thought it would be about 1.7 percent or 1.8 percent.
A lot of it has to do with all of the regulations I've cut where people can actually now go out and build and farm and do all the things they want to do, at the same time being environmentally friendly and regulation friendly.
So I just want to say including growth -- because it's a very fair question, a good question -- if you want to include growth, because we're going to go like a rocket ship, we're going to more than make up the difference.
Well, we've had bigger storms than this. And if you go back into the 1930s and the 1940s, and you take a look, we've had storms over the years that have been bigger than this. If you go back into the Teens, you'll see storms that were as big or bigger.
So we did have two horrific storms, epic storms. But if you go back into the '30s and '40s, and you go back into the Teens, you'll see storms that were very similar and even bigger, okay?
I do respect Chairman Yellen a lot. I like her and I respect her, but I haven't made that decision yet. I do think this: The country is doing well. We got hurt by the two hurricanes, but the country is doing very well.
The stock market has hit a new high, as you see. Jobs are at a 17-year low. Unemployment is at the highest number it's ever been -- if you look at the unemployment is low, and the employment in the country is just about at the highest point it's ever been. I mean, we're doing well.
And very importantly just to finish, companies are starting to move back into our country. Expansion of auto firms and plants; expansion of different things -- even Foxconn.
I'm looking at your iPhone. It's made by you know who -- Foxconn. And Foxconn is moving into the country for the first time. Apple is going to be building massive plants. And there's a big reason for that, and the reason happens to be Trump. Have a good time, everybody.
We have a very good relationship with China and with the President of China. We are working on different things. I can't tell you, obviously, what I'm working on. But believe me, the people of this country will be very, very safe.
I think that a lot of effort is being put into this. We're looking at what's going on. As we speak, we are literally at it right now, and you will be seeing what we'll be doing?
Probably be visiting. I was invited by the President. We'll probably all be going over as a group sometime in November.
Japan, South Korea, possibly Vietnam with a conference. Okay?
He invited us, we're going to see.
Right now definite. We've been invited by the Philippines. They want us to go -- Vietnam -- to the conference.
We'll possibly do that. It will be a busy 10 days, okay? Keep you guys busy.
I hope so.  I don't know, but I hope so. Thank you. Thank you. Good question.
Well, we're working on a deal. We'll see what happens. Very important is the wall to me, and we have to know the wall will not be obstructed, because without the wall, I wouldn't do anything.
Well, all I, all I, you know, we're already starting the wall. The wall is being renovated. Fully renovated. Because we have mass amounts of wall. The wall is being fully renovated right now, as you know, and also, we're doing samples of the new wall.
We have four of them being built right now. And they're under construction, and then well make -- then well make a decision as to which one we want to use. We pretty much have a pretty good idea. But we are looking for extreme border security and surveillance, everything else.
We also have to get the wall. It doesn't have to be here, but they can't obstruct the wall -- whether its in a budget or something else -- when we're ready --
No, we're not looking at citizenship. We're not looking at amnesty. We're looking at allowing people to stay here. We're working with everybody -- Republican. We're working with Democrat. I just spoke with Paul Ryan, he's onboard.
Everybody is onboard. They want to do something. We're not talking about amnesty. We're talking about -- we're talking about taking care of people, people that were brought here, people that have done a good job and were not brought here of their own volition.
But very importantly, what we want -- we have to have a wall. If the wall is going to be obstructed when we need the funds -- at a little bit later date, well be determining how much we need -- then we're not doing any --
No, what we're doing is we're doing it in conjunction with the Republicans. We have a very, very good relationship with a lot of people. A lot of people want this to happen. They expect it to happen, and well see if it happens.
But we'll only do it if we get extreme security, if we get not only surveillance, but everything that goes along with surveillance. And ultimately we have to have the wall. If we don't have the wall, we're doing nothing.
There was no deal and they didn't say they had a deal. In fact, they just put out a statement they didn't say that at all.
Well talk about that. But I think a deal will be made before six months.
The wall -- at some point, they're going to have to -- they cannot obstruct the wall. The wall, to me, is vital. If I don't get the wall, then we will become the obstructionists.
We have to have an understanding that whether its in the budget or some other vehicle in a fairly short period of time, the wall will be funded. Otherwise, we're not doing anything.
So the wealthy Americans are not my priority. My priority are people in the middle class, and that's where we're giving the big tax reduction to. Its about the middle class, and its about jobs. And its about bringing jobs back to the country, bringing back -- the companies back so that companies can get a reduction.
Right now we're paying the highest tax rate in the world. We want to bring that to around 15 percent. That would make us competitive with China and other countries. So my priority is bringing companies back, bringing money back into the country. Theres trillions of dollars outside of our country that we could bring back, but the taxes don't allow it to happen.
Just so you understand, my priority is jobs -- very simple, its jobs and its the middle class. Taking care of both.
I don't think well have to do that, but this is not to benefit the wealthy. This is to benefit the middle class and to benefit companies where they're going to be producing jobs. We want to produce jobs in this country. We want factories coming back, and they're already coming back. But we want factories coming back into our country.
Right now they're leaving our country. They've started since I've been in, as you know -- you look at Michigan, you look at Ohio, you look at -- they're starting to come back. But to really bring them back, we have to reduce our tax rate. So we're trying to bring it down to around 15 percent.
Whats going to happen is the individual rate coming down will be substantial for the middle class. We want to take care of the middle class. We want to take care of jobs. The way we're going to get jobs is to make our companies more competitive. And don't forget, a lot of these companies are public companies owned by the public, owned by pension funds, owned by vehicles such as that, so they'll get a big benefit.
Our priority is jobs and the middle class. Okay, now lets go and see how we're doing because I think we're doing a good job in Florida.
What a crowd. And just so you know from the Secret Service, there aren't too many people outside protesting, OK. That I can tell you. A lot of people in here, a lot of people pouring right now. They can get them in. Whatever you can do, fire marshals, we'll appreciate it.
And I want to thank our great vice president, Mike Pence, for the introduction. As well as my friend Dr. Ben Carson. And thank you to a very, very special man, Franklin Graham, Reverend Franklin Graham, for leading us in prayer. And thank you too Alveda King, the niece of the great Dr. Martin Luther King.
It really shows you that America is indeed a nation of faith, we know that. Well, I'm thrilled to be back in Phoenix, in the great state of Arizona. With so many thousands of hard-working American patriots.
You know I'd love it if the cameras could show this crowd, because it is rather incredible. It is incredible. It is incredible. As everybody here remembers, this was the scene of my first rally speech, right?
The crowds were so big, almost as big as tonight, that the people said right at the beginning, you know, there's something special happening here. And we went to center stage almost from day one in the debates. We love those debates.
But we went to center stage and we never left, right? All of us, we did it together. You were there at the start. You've been there every single day since, and I will never forget.
Believe me, Arizona, I will never forget. And I'm here tonight to send a message: We are fully and totally committed to fighting for our agenda, and we will not stop until the job is done. This evening, joined together with friends, we reaffirm our shared customs, traditions and values.
We love our country. We celebrate our troops. We embrace our freedom. We respect our flag. We are proud of our history. We cherish our Constitution, including, by the way, the Second Amendment.  We fully protect religious liberty. We believe in law and order. And we support the incredible men and of law enforcement.
And we pledge our allegiance to one nation under God. You always understood what Washington, D.C. did not. Our movement is a movement built on love. It's love for fellow citizens. It's love for struggling Americans who've been left behind, and love for every American child who deserves a chance to have all of their dreams come true.
From the inner cities to the rural outposts, from the Sun Belt to the Rust Belt, from east to west and north to south, our movement is built on the conviction that every American from every background is entitled to a government that puts their needs first.
It is finally time to rebuild our country, to take care of our people, and to fight for the jobs our great American workers deserve, and that's what we're doing. 
After our amazing election victory, the forgotten men and women -- remember we used to talk about the forgotten men and women before the election? Guess what? They're not forgotten... anymore, right? Anymore.
No, they're not forgotten anymore folks. In fact, they're trying to figure you out. They're saying the obstructionists, how do we get them to vote for us? I don't think that's going to happen any time soon. We believe that every American has the right to live with dignity.
Respect for America demands respect for all of its people. Loyalty to our nation requires loyalty to each other, We all share the same home, the same dreams and the same hopes for a better future. A wound inflicted upon one member of our community is a wound inflicted upon us all.
You saw last night. You saw last night. Did anybody watch last night? Yes. When one part of America hurts, we all hurt. And when one American suffers an injustice, all of America suffers together. We're all together.
It's time for us to follow the example of our brave American soldiers. And I was with a lot of them last night, Fort Myers. No matter where they come from, no matter what faith they practice, they form a single unbreakable team.
That's what we are. We're a team. As a nation, we're a team. They're all united by their devotion to our country and to their mission. It's time for all of us to remember that we are all on the same team. We are all Americans, and we all believe right now in America first.
And it's happening, and it's happening fast. I see all those red hats and white hats. It's all happening very fast. It's called "Make America Great Again." You see what's going on. It's coming back, very fast. We want every child to succeed, every community to prosper and every struggling American to have a chance for a better life.
What happened in Charlottesville strikes at the core of America. And tonight, this entire arena stands united in forceful condemnation of the thugs who perpetrate hatred and violence. But the very dishonest media, those people right up there with all the cameras. 
So the -- and I mean truly dishonest people in the media and the fake media, they make up stories. They have no sources in many cases. They say "a source says" -- there is no such thing.
But they don't report the facts. Just like they don't want to report that I spoke out forcefully against hatred, bigotry and violence and strongly condemned the neo-Nazis, the White Supremacists, and the KKK. I openly called for unity, healing and love, and they know it because they were all there.
So what I did -- So what I did is I thought, I'd take just a second, and I'm really doing this more than anything else, because you know where my heart is, OK? I'm really doing this to show you how damned dishonest these people are. 
So here is my first statement when I heard about Charlottesville -- and I have a home in Charlottesville, a lot of people don't know. Here's the first -- can't believe they haven't figured that one out yet.
Now they know. Now they finally know. But I -- I just -- I don't want to bore you with this, but I -- it shows you how dishonest they are. And most of you know this anyway. So here's what I said, really fast, here's what I said on Saturday: "We're closely following the terrible events unfolding in Charlottesville, Virginia" -- this is me speaking.
We condemn in the strongest, possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence." That's me speaking on Saturday. Right after the event. So I'm condemning the strongest, possible terms, "egregious display," "hatred, bigotry and violence." OK, I think I can't do much better, right? OK. But they didn't want to put this on.
They had it on initially, but then one day he talked -- he didn't say it fast enough. He didn't do it on time. Why did it take a day? He must be a racist.
It took a day.  Dishonest people. So here is -- here is me -- I hope they're showing how many people are in this room, but they won't.
They don't even do that. The only time they show the crowds is when there's a disrupter or an anarchist in the room. I call them anarchists.
Because, believe me, we have plenty of anarchists. They don't want to talk about the anarchists. So this is me -- "it has no place in America." I'm talking about hatred, bigotry and violence.
It has no place in America. What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. No citizen should ever fear for their safety, security in our society, and no child should ever be afraid to go outside and play or be with their parents and have a good time. This is me speaking.
Here's further. This is on Saturday, the first one. I did this three times. "We have to come together as Americans with love for the nation and true affection, really" -- and I say this so strongly -- "true affection for each other." I didn't say true affection for you and you. I said for each other, all of us. All of us.
All of us. But they don't report it. They don't -- they just let it go. "Above all else, we must remember this truth, no matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are all Americans first. We love our country, we love our God, and we love our flag." 
And then I went on, this is my first statement, and they said, remember they said, well, he wasn't specific enough. Why wasn't he more specific? So in my second statement, I got really specific, and they said, why didn't he do it faster? The -- I'm telling you folks, look, look, I know these people probably better than anybody.
And a lot of people have a problem with it, because look, what happens with them, if they're doing a story about me, I know if it's honest or false. If you're reading a story about somebody, you don't know. You assume it's honest, because it's like the failing New York Times, which is like so bad.
It's so bad.  Or the Washington Post, which call a lobbying tool for Amazon, OK, that's a lobbying tool for Amazon. Or CNN, which is so bad and so pathetic, and their ratings are going down.  Right? 
But all the networks -- I mean, CNN is really bad, but ABC this morning -- I don't watch it much, but I'm watching in the morning, and they have little George Stephanopoulos talking to Nikki Haley, right? Little George. And -- and he talks about the speech I made last night, which believe it or not, got great reviews, right?
They had a hard time. They were having a hard time because it was with soldiers, we were somber, we were truthful, we were doing -- we were saying things -- and it really did.
So, he talked about it for like that much, then he goes, "Let's get back to Charlottesville." Charlottesville. And Nikki was great. She's doing a great job, by the way.
So now, I say we have to heal our wounds and the wounds of our country. I love the people of our country, the people, all of the people. It says I love all of the people of our country.
I didn't say I love you because you're black, or I love you because you're white, or I love you because you're from Japan, or you're from China, or you're from Kenya, or you're from Scotland or Sweden. I love all the people of our country. So, I said here's my -- this is -- by the way folks, this is my exact words: "I love all the people of our country.
We're going to make America great again, but we're going to make it great for all of the people of the United States of America." And then they say, is he a racist? Is he a racist? Then, I did a second one. So then I did a second one. Don't bother, it's only a single voice.
And not a very powerful voice. How did he get in here? He's supposed to be with the few people outside. How about -- how about all week they're talking about the massive crowds that are going to be outside.
Where are they? Well, it's hot out. It is hot. I think it's too warm.
You know, they show up in the helmets and the black masks, and they've got clubs and they've got everything -- Antifa! So on August the 14th -- so that was it, and I said all people, I love all people, everything, right?
Now I figure I'm going to do it again. I'll be even more specific. So I said, based on the events that took place over the last weekend in Charlottesville, I'd like to provide the nation with an update.
Because that was right after the event, the first one, right? An update on ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everybody. To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable, justice will be delivered. That's what I said.
Listen to that, I said that, but they don't show that. They don't show it. They take -- they'll take one thing, like, seriously, he was late was the best thing.
He was late. So I said, to anyone who acted criminally in this weekends racists violence. OK, then I go, we must love each other, show affection for each other, and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence.
We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans, right? Then I said, racism is evil. Do they report that I said that racism is evil? You know why? Because they are very dishonest people. So I said, racism is evil.
Now they only choose, you know, like a half a sentence here or there and then they just go on this long rampage, or they put on these real lightweights all around a table that nobody ever heard of, and they all say what a bad guy I am.
But, I mean do you ever see anything -- and then you wonder why CNN is doing relatively poorly in the ratings. Because they're putting like seven people all negative on Trump.
And they fired Jeffrey Lord, poor Jeffrey. Jeffrey Lord. I guess he was getting a little fed up, and he was probably fighting back a little bit too hard.
They said, we've better get out of here; we can't have that. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold true as Americans.
Now let me ask you, can it be any better than that, in all fairness? And you know I mention that, but to the best of my knowledge when there was a big problem, Barack Obama never said it took place because of radical Islamic terrorists, he never said that, right.
He doesn't have to say...  You know why? Because they have a double standard. Because the media is totally dishonest, and they have a double standard.
You never heard them say that. And in fact, if you use the term you'd get criticized. But with me, they wanted me to say it, and I said it.
And I said it very clearly, but they refused to put it on. "Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike the very core of America." These are my words. This was on Monday, August 14th.
So you had Saturday; you had Monday. You know, I was going to do one of these every week, but you would never get it right. "In times such as these, America has always shown its true character.
Responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice." And then I finished, I said, "We will defend or protect the sacred rights of all Americans." All is capitalized times five. Not just you.
And we will work together so that every citizen -- every citizen is free to follow their dreams and their hearts and to express the love and joy in their souls. OK now, I mean -- so they were having a hard time with that one, because I said everything.
I hit him with neo-Nazi. I hit them with everything. I got the white supremacists, the neo-Nazi.
I got them all in there, let's say. KKK, we have KKK. I got them all.
So they're having a hard time. So what are they say, right? It should have been sooner. He's a racist.
It should have been sooner, OK. So it should have been -- so then the last one, on Tuesday -- Tuesday I did another one: "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence.
It has no place in America." But they also said that he must be a racist because he never mentioned the driver of the car, who is a terrible person, drove the car and he killed Heather, and it's a terrible thing.
But they said I didn't mention, so these are my words. "The driver of the car is a murderer, and what he did was a horrible, inexcusable thing." They said I didn't mention it. And then they asked me, just to finish it, they asked me, what about race relations in the United States? Now I have to say they were pretty bad under Barack Obama, that I can tell you.
But, they asked me the question. And I said, well, I think jobs can have a very big and positive impact. I think if we continue to create jobs like I've done -- over one million since I've been in office...
Way over one million. I think if we continue to create jobs at levels that I'm creating jobs, I think that's going to have a tremendously positive impact on race relations. I do.
I do. And the other thing -- very important -- I believe wages will start going up, because we now have the lowest unemployment rate we've had in 17 years, so you're going to see wages go up, right? They haven't gone up for a long time.
I believe wages now, because the economy is doing so well with respect to employment and unemployment, I believe wages will start to go up, and I think that will have a tremendously positive impact on race relations.
So that was my words. Now, you know, I was a good student. I always hear about the elite.
You know, the elite. They're elite? I went to better schools than they did. I was a better student than they were.
I live in a bigger, more beautiful apartment, and I live in the White House, too, which is really great. I think -- you know what? I think we're the elites. They're not the elites.
So the point is -- and I didn't want to bore you, because you understand where I'm coming from. You people understand. But the point is, that those were three different -- there were two statements and one news conference.
The words were perfect. They only take out anything they can think of, and for the most part, all they do is complain. But they don't put on those words.
And they don't put on me saying those words. The media can attack me. But where I draw the line is when they attack you, which is what they do.
When they attack the decency of our supporters. You are honest, hard-working, taxpaying -- and by the way, you're overtaxed, but we're going to get your taxes down. You're taxpaying Americans who love our nation, obey our laws, and care for our people.
It's time to expose the crooked media deceptions, and to challenge the media for their role in fomenting divisions. And yes, by the way -- and yes, by the way, they are trying to take away our history and our heritage. You see that.  And -- and I say it, and you know, we're all pros. We're all, like, we have a certain sense. We're smart people.
These are truly dishonest people. And not all of them. Not all of them.
You have some very good reporters. You have some very fair journalists. But for the most part, honestly, these are really, really dishonest people, and they're bad people.
And I really think they don't like our country. I really believe that. And I don't believe they're going to change, and that's why I do this.
If they would change, I would never say it. The only people giving a platform to these hate groups is the media itself, and the fake news. Oh, that's so funny.
Look back there, the live red lights. They're turning those suckers off fast out there. They're turning those lights off fast.
Like CNN. CNN does not want its falling viewership to watch what I'm saying tonight, I can tell you. I mean, the advantage I have -- the advantage I have is that we do have a big voice.
And you know, they're always saying, like Twitter or social media -- if I didn't have social media, I wouldn't be able to get the word out. I probably wouldn't be standing here, right? I probably wouldn't be standing here right now. If I don't have social media, I probably would not be standing.
And do you ever notice, when I go on and I'll put, like, out a tweet or a couple of tweets, "He's in a Twitter-storm again!" I -- I don't do Twitter-storms. You know, you'll put out a little tweet: "I'm going to be with the veterans today." They'll say, "Donald Trump is in a Twitter-storm."
These are sick people. You know the thing I don't understand? You would think -- you would think they'd want to make our country great again, and I honestly believe they don't.
I honestly believe it. If you want to discover the source of the division in our country, look no further than the fake news and the crooked media, which would rather get ratings and clicks than tell the truth. I mean, the New York Times has written some stories.
How about this? The New York Times essentially apologized after I won the election, because their coverage was so bad, and it was so wrong, and they were losing so many subscribers that they practically apologized. I would say they did. They say, well, it wasn't really that much of an apology.
Because they were losing so many people, because they were misled. And I figured, this is great. And for about two weeks I got good coverage.
Then they reverted back into worse than ever before. You know, it's like one of those things. The Washington Post is terrible.
But these are dishonest -- but let me tell you, you have some great, honest papers. You have some great networks. I must tell you, Fox has treated me fairly.
Fox treated me fairly. They've treated me fairly. Hey, I'll let you know.
You know what? Some day they might not treat me fairly, and I'll tell you about it, OK? But they've treated me fairly, and I don't mean all good. I get plenty of bad on Fox, too. But at least it's within reason.
And Hannity? How good is that? How good is Hannity? And he's a great guy, and he's an honest guy. And "Fox and Friends in the Morning" is the best show, and it's the absolute, most honest show, and it's the show I watch. Not only does -- oh boy, those cameras are going off.
Oh, wow. Why don't you just fold them up and take them home? Oh, those cameras are going off. Wow.
That's the one thing, they're very nervous to have me on live television, because this can happen. Now, you know what? I'm a person that wants to tell the truth. I'm an honest person, and what I'm saying, you know is exactly right.
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets, the failures of our public school, the destruction of our wealth at the hands of the terrible, terrible trade deals made by politicians that should've never been allowed to be politicians.
And the unaccountable hostility against our incredible police, who work so hard at such a dangerous job. My administration is committed to the idea that all Americans have the right to live in safety, security and peace.
We believe in the rule of law, because we know that freedom cannot exist if our people are not safe. And how safe are you at a Trump rally? Remember at the beginning, remember when this already started? When this started at the beginning, they used to send in thugs. They had -- our people are tougher than them, so it wasn't always very good for them.
But they'd send in thugs, and our people would protect themselves, and then you'd go home and you'd watch this violence. Let me tell you, see this room? You've got people outside, but not very many. But see this room? You're safe in this room.
You're very safe in this room. It's a big room. The most sacred duty of government is to protect the lives of its citizens, and that includes securing our borders, and enforcing our immigration laws.
By the way, I'm just curious. Do the people in this room like Sheriff Joe? So, was Sheriff Joe convicted for doing his job? That's why... He should have had a jury, but you know what? I'll make a prediction.
I think he's going to be just fine, OK? But -- but I won't do it tonight, because I don't want to cause any controversy. Is that OK? All right? But Sheriff Joe can feel good. The people of Arizona know the deadly and heartbreaking consequences of illegal immigration, the lost lives, the drugs, the gangs, the cartels, the crisis of smuggling and trafficking.
MS-13 -- we're throwing them out so fast, they never got thrown out of anything like this. We are liberating towns out on Long Island. We're liberating.
Can you imagine, in this day and age -- in this day and age in this country, we are liberating towns. This is like from a different age. We are taking these people.
They don't shoot people, because it's too fast and not painful. They cut them up into little pieces. These are animals.
We are getting them out of here. We're throwing them in jails, and we're throwing them out of the country. We're liberating our towns.
You're seen it. You've lived it, and you elected me to put a stop to it. And we are doing a phenomenal job of putting a stop to it.
That I can tell you. After years of defending other countries borders -- can you believe we fight for other countries; we want to defend their borders -- we're finally defending our own borders. And we're showing compassion for these struggling American workers who are now starting to see the light because plants are coming pouring back into our country.
And by the way, we're doing a lot of good work on that, but a lot of people are coming back in. We have Foxconn, they make the iPhones, as you know, for Apple, and so many companies are building now in our country. Including the auto companies who are coming back.
Years of uncontrolled immigration have placed enormous pressure on the jobs and wages of working families, and they've put great burdens on local schools and hospitals.
While this may be good for a handful of special interests, it's unfair to working people of all backgrounds all throughout our country. We want every American community to succeed, including our immigrant communities, but they can't do that if we don't control our borders.
Earlier today, I visited with the incredible men and women of ICE and the Border Patrol during a visit to Yuma Sector. I was over at the Yuma Sector. It was hot.
It was like 115 degrees. I'm out signing autographs for an hour. I was there.
That was a hot day. You learn if you're in shape if you can do that, believe me. And they actually told me -- actually, sir, it's relatively cool today.
Can you believe that?  But it was great. And I met with the Border Patrol and I met with ICE, and these are incredible people; the job they do. And in fact, General Kelly, who was in charge of Homeland Security, where people coming in down 78 and almost 80 percent.
He did so good, I made him my chief of staff, right? That made sense. John, where's John? Where is he? Where's General Kelly? Get him out here. He's great.
He's doing a great job. But we did a lot before anything happened, we did a lot. We respect and cherish our ICE officers and our Border Patrol agents, and we respect and cherish our police officers, and our firemen, and all of our uniform services.
But during that visit, I heard first hand from the frontline agents about the security threats they confront each and every day, and I pledged my continued resolve to them, and all of you, to keep our country safe.
All around the nation, I have spent time with the wonderful Americans whose children were killed for the simple reason that our government failed to enforce our immigration laws, already existing laws. And I promised these families, the deaths of their loved ones will not have been in vain.
I promised them. I know so many of them. One by one we are finding the gang members, the drug dealers and the criminals who prey on our people.
We are throwing them out of the country or we're putting the hell, fast in jail. We are cracking down on these sanctuary cities that shield criminal aliens, finally. And we are building a wall on the southern border which is absolutely necessary. 
Build that wall. Now the obstructionist Democrats would like us not to do it. But believe me, if we have to close down our government, we're building that wall.
Let me be very clear to Democrats in Congress who oppose a border wall and stand in the way of border security: You are putting all of America's safety at risk. You're doing that. You're doing that.
Again, the Border Patrol today, I said, how important is the wall to some of the folks? I met with a lot of them. And they looked at me, they said, it's vital. It's vital.
It's so vital. And you know, we have walls. I don't know if you know, we're already starting to fix a lot of the walls we already have, because we don't have to rebuild them.
And we want walls that you can see through in a sense. You want to see what's on the other side. But we're starting to fix a lot of the walls.
We've done a lot of work. But I said to them, how are we doing and how important are the walls? And they said, Mr. President, you have no idea.
It is desperately needed. We're going to have our wall. We're going to get our wall.
And that wall is also going to help us, very importantly, with the drug problem, and the massive amounts of drugs that are pouring across the southern border. My administration will never back down in demanding immigration control. The American people voted for immigration control.
That's one of the reasons I'm here, and that is what the American people deserve, and they're going to get it. So you put pressure, but believe me, one way or the other, we're going to get that wall. Immigration security is also a matter, remember this, of national security.
That's why we're implementing tough new vetting and screening protocols to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of our country. You look at what just happened in Spain and so many other places. Nope.
We're really vetting. We're tough. Does anybody want me to be soft on the vetting or would you like --  "Extreme vetting" -- I came up with that term.
That's what it has to be. So I have a message for Congress tonight: You're job is to represent American families, American people, American workers. That's your job.
You need to represent them on the border, on taxes, on healthcare -- one vote -- and on every other issue that affects their lives. And for our friends in the Senate, oh boy -- the Senate, remember this -- look, the Senate, we have to get rid of what's called the filibuster rule; we have to. And if we don't, the Republicans will never get anything passed.
You're wasting your time. We have to get rid of the filibuster rule. Right now, we need 60 votes and we have 52 Republicans.
That means that eight Democrats are controlling all of this legislation. We have over 200 bills.  And we have to speak to Mitch and we have to speak to everybody.
And I want to tell you, we have some great, great Republican senators. We really do, and they fought like hell to get that thing approved. They fought.
They really did. They really fought. Now, even on healthcare, because of reconciliation, which, if you don't know, it doesn't matter.
It's a trick. We needed 51 votes. But when you need 51, and you have 52, and we include the vice president, who always votes with us.
He's the greatest. But you have no margin. But some of the best things in healthcare require 60 votes.
So even when you say we're voting on healthcare, like across state lines, purchase across state lines. One of the most important things, I've been talking about it for two years during debates. It gives competition.
Insurance companies come in, your prices go way down. Arizona is a disaster in terms of the price increase of your insurance, 116 percent interest. You got to get rid of the filibuster rule.
You've got to go to a majority. You've got to go to 51 votes, and if they don't do that they're -- they're just wasting time. All of the Democrats in Congress, that's the only thing they do well.
They do one thing well. You know what it's called? They have no ideas. They have no policies.
They obstruct. That's all they do. They're word is, we resist.
They don't resist; they obstruct. It's all they're good at. It's all they're good at.
That's all they do. On healthcare, they have 48 Democrats. We got no votes.
We got no votes. And it would have been great healthcare. And by the way, would have been great healthcare for Arizona.
Would have been great. So the Democrats have no ideas, no policy, no vision for the country other than total socialism and maybe, frankly, a step beyond socialism from what I'm seeing. 
Under they're plan for America, your taxes will double or triple, your service will diminish and your borders will be left wide open for everybody to come in and enjoy our country. 
Obamacare is a disaster and think -- think, we were just one vote away from victory after seven years of everybody proclaiming repeal and replace. One vote away. One vote away.
We were one vote away. Think of it, seven years the Republicans -- and again, you have some great senators, but we were one vote away from repealing it.  But, you know, they all said, Mr.
President, your speech was so good last night, please, please, Mr. President don't mention any names. So I won't.
I won't. No I won't vote -- one vote away, I will not mention any names. Very presidential, isn't' it? Very presidential.
And nobody wants me to talk about your other senator, who's weak on borders, weak on crime, so I won't talk about him.  Nobody wants me to talk about him. Nobody knows who the hell he is.
And now -- see, I haven't' mentioned any names. So now, everybody's happy. But we are going to get rid of Obamacare.
I will never stop -- one vote -- I will never stop. We're going to get rid of Obamacare. Every day we're keeping our promises, and that includes our promises to our great, great veterans.
Who's a veteran here? It's getting better, getting really good. Nobody's fixed it -- nobody's been able to do it. And remember, I'm only here for less than eight months, you know.
When they talk about Obamacare, it was years. When they talk Hillary Clinton spent eight years trying to get...  Eight years trying to get health care.  Well, it's obvious that we won the state of Arizona, do you agree with that? It's pretty obvious. And we won it by a lot. And I hear we're winning it by even more right now.
But if you think about it, Clinton, they spent eight years that they weren't able to get health care. Other administrations spent all of their time, they weren't able to get it. Obama, what he did to get it.
What he did to get it, including the guy, Gruber. Did you see Gruber got fired yesterday? He got fired because he defrauded somebody or something. Something very bad happened.
Check it out. Something happened. Gruber, who lied about Obamacare, who called everybody fools for believing it.
Obamacare is gone. It's a disaster. It's gone.
Premiums in other states are going up in numbers that are even higher than the state of Arizona. Insurance companies are fleeing, and it's gone. So we're going to -- I really believe that the Republicans -- and maybe we'll get a couple of senators that think they're going to lose their race on the Democratic side, maybe, but we'll get it fixed.
One vote -- speak to your Senator, please. Speak to your Senator. We're reforming the V.A.
to ensure our veterans have the care they so richly deserve, including choice -- choice -- choice. In other words, if you've got to wait for seven days and you're not feeling well, you go see a doctor and we pay for your doctor. Isn't that good? And we've got legislation approved that everybody said was impossible.
It's called V.A. Accountability. If somebody treats our veterans badly, we can fire them.
We say you're fired; get out of here. Everybody said -- everybody said you couldn't get that -- they've been trying to get that passed for 40 years. We got great legislation.
You ever hear of these liars back there, where they say, but Trump hasn't gotten -- I think we've gotten more in a short period of time, in this seven months,
I think we've gotten more than anybody, including Harry Truman, who was number one, but they will tell you we've got none. So we got V.A. Accountability so that you can fire people that are treating our veterans badly or aren't doing their jobs.
Isn't that great? We've also obtained historic increase in defense spending to prevent and deter conflict. We believe in peace through strength. We're building up our military like never before.
Thousands and thousands of brave Americans have paid the ultimate price for our freedom. Now it's up to us to preserve and protect their legacy. Last night, as you know, I laid out my vision for I'm honorable and enduring outcome in a very tough place, a place where country has failed, Afghanistan.
This is the place where terrorists are trained, where you have people that are not exactly United States fans, can I say that? And I will tell you then what we're going to do with our incredible military, they're going to make unbelievable sacrifices, and they've already made, in some cases, the ultimate sacrifice.
But we're fighting for them. Our warfighters deserve the tools they need, and the trust they've earned to fight and to win.
Fight and to win. And you see what's going on in North Korea. All of a sudden, I don't know -- who knows.
But I can tell you, what I said, that's not strong enough. Some people said it's too strong, it's not strong enough. But Kim Jong Un, I respect the fact that I believe he is starting to respect us.
I respect that fact very much. Respect that fact. And maybe -- probably not -- but maybe something positive can come about.
They won't tell you that, but maybe something positive can come about. Every American deserves a government that protects them, honors them, defends them, and fights for them.
And by the way, speaking of that, you have three congressman in the audience and your governor who met me at the plane, and he's now inside, but he said I want to spend my time outside on security.
I said, I think that's a great idea, governor. But not that many people showed up so I don't think it should be much of a problem. But you have a hell of a governor, Governor Ducey.
You have a great governor. And we have three congressman, a friend of mine who has been so great to me, Trent Franks. Where is Congressman Franks? Where is he? Get over here.
Paul Gosar, Congressman, Congressman Andy Biggs. Get up here, fellow. Thank you, fellows.
Thank you, congressman. Never let them go, folks. Never let them go.
Don't ever lose them. Thank you, fellows. So, in Washington, we're taking power out of the hands of donors and special interests, and putting that power back into the hands of the people that voted for us, OK? For us.
The same failed voices in Washington who opposed our movement are the same people who gave us one terrible trade deal after another; who gave us one foreign policy disaster after another; who sacrificed our sovereignty, our wealth, and our jobs. We don't need advice from the Washington, D.C. swamp. 
We need, right now, to drain the swamp. That's what's happening, too, believe me. Washington is full of people who are only looking out for themselves.
But I don't come to Washington for me. You know, I've had a great life. I've had great success.
I've enjoyed my life. Most people think I'm crazy to have done this. And I think they're right.
But I enjoy it, because we've made so much -- I don't believe that any president -- I don't believe that any president has accomplished as much as this president in the first six or seven months. I really don't believe it. Including -- including a great Supreme Court justice, Justice Gorsuch.
Big . I came to Washington for you. Your dreams are my dreams.
Your hopes are my hopes. And your future is what I'm fighting for each and every day. It's so important.
Our agenda is the pro-worker agenda. We've accomplished historic amounts in a short period of time. We've signed more than 50 pieces of legislation.
They said we've signed none -- none. We've signed 50; appointed Justice Gorsuch; nominated 31 new federal judges, with many more on the way. So, importantly, we have aggressively canceled job-killing regulations, and we're unleashing job-creating American energy like we've never unleashed before.
We've ended the war on beautiful, clean coal, and it's just been announced that a second, brand-new coal mine, where they're going to take out clean coal -- meaning, they're taking out coal.
They're going to clean it -- is opening in the state of Pennsylvania, the second one. And the state of West Virginia, which was way behind and lagging, was now, in terms of GDP increase, second last quarter to the state of Texas.
How about that? West Virginia. And they have a great governor in West Virginia, Governor Jim Justice, who just quit the Democrats and joined the Republican Party. In the proud tradition of America's great leaders, from George Washington -- please, don't take his statue down, please.
Please. Does anybody want George Washington's statue? No. Is that sad? Is that all sad? To Lincoln, to Teddy Roosevelt, I see they want to take Teddy Roosevelt's down, too.
They're trying to figure out why. They don't know. They're trying to take away our culture.
They are trying to take away our history. And our weak leaders, they do it overnight. These things have been there for 150 years, for 100 years.
You go back to a university, and it's gone. Weak, weak people. We are going to protect American industry.
We are going to protect the American worker. No longer will we allow other countries to close our factories, steal our jobs, and drain our wealth. We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum, and steel.
We will buy American, and we will hire American. I immediately withdrew the United States from the disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership. Would have been a disaster.
And you know, that one of the worst deals that anybody in history has ever entered into. We have begun formal renegotiation with Mexico and Canada on NAFTA. And I must be honest, and I've been talking about NAFTA for a long time, and I'm sorry it's taken six months, but we have to give notice.
You have to see this. We have to give notice, and after the notice is given, you have to wait a long time. Then you have to give another one, then you have to wait a long time.
Anyway, we started two days ago, Bob Lighthizer. Personally, I don't think we can make a deal, because we have been so badly taken advantage of/ They have made such great deals, both of the countries, but in particular, Mexico, that I don't think we can make a deal. So I think we'll end up probably terminating NAFTA at some point, OK? Probably.
But -- but I told you from the first day, we will renegotiate NAFTA, or we will terminate NAFTA. I personally don't think you can make a deal without a termination, but we're going to see what happens, OK?
You're in -- you're in good hands, I can tell you. We are unleashing American energy, and I withdrew the United States from the job-killing Paris Climate Accord.
People have no idea how bad that was for this country. Great for other countries. We were like the lap dog.
Great for other countries. Our country was so behind. Since I took the oath of office, we've added far more than one million jobs in the private sector.
Unemployment is, right now, at almost a 17-year low. Wages are rising. The stock market is at its all-time high in history, and economic growth has surged to 2.6 percent.
Remember, everybody said you won't bring it up to 1 percent. You won't bring it up to 1.2 percent. And we've just started.
Those regulations that we've gotten rid of, which -- and we're going to have some regulation, but it's going to be sensible regulation. Those regulations are unleashing our economy. So we have a GDP, it was shocking, about two weeks ago it was announced for the quarter: 2.6 percent.
Remember, I said we're going to try and hit 3 percent? We're already at 2.6. Maybe I'll have to increase my offer. And so many of those people, you know, the Economic Council? When it got a little heat with the lies from the media, they sort of said, Oh, we'll take a pass.
Not all of them, but some of them did. But I remember the ones that did. But they'll say, We take -- oh, we'll take -- but people are now calling me, people that have been, like, we'll take a pass -- Don, can we get together for lunch? Let's do it privately, instead of through a council.
These people just don't get it. They are calling, and they're saying, how about getting together privately? They like it better. Why should they be on a council? You know, that's the way it is, folks.
That's the way it is. To bring more jobs and industry to our shores, we are committed to passing the first major tax reform in over 30 years. Now, we need the help of Congress, please.
OK? We need the help of Congress. And we really could use some Democrat help. We're giving you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country.
The Democrats are going to find a way to obstruct. If they do, remember, they are stopping from getting a massive tax cut. Just remember that, OK? America's crushing business tax is a massive, self-inflicted, economic wound.
We have one of the highest business tax rates anywhere in the world, pushing jobs and wealth out of our country. That is why we are going to lower the tax on American business, to bring back those companies, bring them back to America. We want more products stamped with the letters, "Made in the U.S.A.".
We also want everyday Americans to be able to keep more of their own money. So for the Democratic senators, especially the ones where I won their states by 20 and 30 points, I really hope you're going to come over to our side. Because again, when you have 52 Republicans, if you lose like two, that's the end.
You know what, as good as something is, it's hard to get 51 out of 52. So I hope some of the Democrats that are going to lose their election will come over and give everybody a big beautiful tax cut, which is going to be great for the economy. It's time to pass a tax cut for the middle-class families.
We will make America the best place in the world to hire, grow and start a business again. We want to lift our people from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. We're going to do an infrastructure bill.
We will build gleaming new roads, bridges, highways, railways, waterways, all across our beautiful land. Our greatest creations, our most incredible buildings, our most beautiful works of art are just waiting to be brought to life. American hands will build this future.
American energy will power this future. We have become an energy exporter for the first time ever just recently. And American workers will bring this future to life.
We are the nation that dug out the Panama Canal, won two World Wars, put a man on the moon, and defeated communism. We can do anything, we can build anything and we can dream anything. It's time to remember what our brave soldiers never forgot.
Americans share one flag, one home and one glorious destiny. We live according to the same law, raise our children by the same values, and we are all made by the same Almighty God.
As long as we remember these truths, as long as we have enough strength and courage in ourselves, then there is no challenge too great, no task too large, no dream beyond our reach.
We are Americans, and the future belongs to us. The future belongs to all of you. This is our moment.
This is our chance. This is our opportunity to recapture our dynasty like never before, to rebuild our future, to deliver justice for every forgotten man and woman and child in America. Freedom will prevail, our values will endure, our citizens will prosper, Arizona will thrive, and our beloved nation will succeed like never, ever before.
So to Americans young and old, near and far, in cities small and large, we say these words again tonight: We will make America strong again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America proud again.
We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you Arizona.
God bless you. Thank you. Thank you.
Hello everybody. We're having some meetings. I know you're going to be watching a couple of them. We have a lot of people here today. A lot of subjects under discussion, including Venezuela, including, of course, North Korea and other things, and I think we're making tremendous headway.
We'll be spending quite a bit of time here and then we, uh, through the weekend, as you know, towards at the end we go into Manhattan, where I have a lot of meetings scheduled in Manhattan. Any questions?
Well, I don't think they mean that, and I think the first time they've heard it like they heard it, and frankly, the people that were questioning that statement, was it too tough? Maybe it wasn't tough enough. They've been doing this in our country for a long time for many years, and it's about time that somebody stuck up for the people of this country, and for the people of other countries.
So, if anything, maybe that statement wasn't tough enough. And we're backed by a hundred percent by our military, we're backed by everybody. And we're backed by many other leaders. And I noticed that many Senators and others today came out very much in favor of what I said. But if anything, that statement may not be tough enough,
We don't talk about that. I never do. I'm not like the other administration, that would say we're going into Mosul in four months. I don't talk about it. We'll see what happens, but I can tell you that what they've been doing, and what they've been getting away with, is a tragedy and it can't be allowed.
Sure, we'll always consider negotiations, but they've been negotiating now for 25 years. Look at Clinton. He folded on the negotiations. He was weak and ineffective. You look what happened with Bush. You look what happened with Obama. Obama, he didn't want to talk about it. But I talk. It's about time. Somebody has to do it. Somebody has to do it.
I just wanted to get repeal and replace done. I've been hearing repeal and replace now for seven years, but I've only been doing this for two years, and I've really only been doing this for six months. But I've been running, so now it's almost two years, and all I hear is repeal and replace. And then I get there and I said where's the bill? I want to sign it, first day.
And they don't have it. And they passed repeal and replace, but they never had a President, frankly, or a Senate, that was going to do it. But they never had a President. So it didn't matter. So I say very simply: where is repeal and replace? Now, I want tax reform and tax cuts. We're going to reduce taxes for the people. We pay more tax than anybody in the world, and we're going to reduce taxes.
So I say: tax cuts, tax reform and I want a very big infrastructure bill, where we're working on that very hard already. And we can do that, and we may even get bipartisan on infrastructure. But we want to have it.
But I said Mitch: get to work and let's get it done. They should have had this last one done. They lost by one vote. For a thing like that to happen is it disgrace and frankly, it shouldn't have happeed. That I can tell you. It shouldn't have happened.
Well, I'll tell you what. If he doesn't get repeal and replace done, and if he doesn't get taxes done, meaning cuts and reform, and if he doesn't get a very easy one to get done, infrastructure, if he doesn't get them done, then you can ask me that question.
You can ask me the question. That means ask me that
The opioid crisis is an emergency, and I'm saying officially, right now, it is an emergency. It's a national emergency. We're going to spend a lot of time, a lot of effort and a lot of money on the opioid crisis.
We're going to draw it up, and we're going to make it a national emergency. It is a serious problem, the likes of which we have never had. You know when I was growing up, they had the LSD, and they had certain generations of drugs.
There's never been anything like what's happened to this country over the last four or five years, and I have to say this, in all fairness, this is a worldwide problem, not just the United States problem. This is happening worldwide, but this is a national emergency, and we are drawing documents now to so attest.
There are no mixed-messages. There are no mixed-messages. I heard... I mean to be honest, General Mattis may have taken it a step beyond what I said. There are no mixed messages, and Rex was just, you know, stating the view...
But look, here is the view. I said it yesterday. I don't have to say it again, and I'll tell you this: It may be tougher than I said it, not less. It may very well be tougher than I said. Okay, how about one more?
The people of this country should be very comfortable, and I will tell you this: if North Korea does anything in terms of even thinking about attack of anybody that we love, or we represent, or our allies, or us, they can be very, very nervous.
I'll tell you what, and they should be very nervous, because things will happen to them like they never thought possible, okay? He's been pushing the world around for a long time, and I have great respect for what China and what Russia did, and those 15... we got a 15 to nothing vote. I have great respect for China and Russia, what they did on sanctions. I believe that will have an effect.
I don't think it will have the kind of effect, even though I was the one... we were the ones that got it, and Nikki Haley did a great job. We all did a great job. But I have great respect for what they did, I have great respect for the 15 to nothing, but probably it will not be as effective as a lot of people think it can be, unfortunate.
I think China can do a lot more, yes. China can... and I think China will do a lot more. Look, we have trade with China. We lose hundreds of billions of dollars a year on trade with China. They know how I feel.
It's not going to continue like that. But if China helps us, I feel a lot differently for trade, a lot differently for trade. So we will do.... I think...
The people of our country are safe, our allies are safe, and I will tell you this: North Korea better get their act together, or they're going to be in trouble like few nations ever have been in trouble in this world. Okay? Thank you very much. We're going down to the other side, and we're going to take a few more questions, okay?
Thank you. Thank you. I am thrilled to be back in the very, very beautiful state of West Virginia. And I am proud to stand before you and celebrate the hard working people who are the absolute backbone of America. Thank you. I love the people of the states. I love your grit, your spirit, and I love our coal miners. They are coming back strong. 
I made you a promise during the campaign. You all remember. Many of you were here. I actually think we have more people here tonight with thousands outside than we had during the campaign, if you can believe it. 
And as you've seen, I've kept that promise. As President, we are putting our coal miners back to work. We've ended the war on beautiful, clean coal. We've stopped the EPA intrusion. American coal exports are already up.
Think of this. Think of this. American exports of coal are already up more than 60% this year. Did you ever hear of anything like that? What you voted for is happening every single day. Everyone in the arena is united by shared values. 
We believe in God, we believe this team, we believe in country. We support the Constitution of the United States of America. We cherish and defend the second amendment. We believe school should teach students to love our country, to have pride in our history, and to respect our great American flag. We stand with the incredible men and women of law enforcement. Thank you.
We believe strongly that a nation must defend and protect its borders. And above all else, we believe we must take care of our own citizens, and put America first. Day after day, we are keeping the promises that we made during the campaign.
That includes our promises to our great veterans. Thank you, veteran... veterans. Today we announce new telehealth services to help the veterans get the care when and where they need it. It is so popular. This state has many retired military members. We thank them. We thank their family and spouses for their patriotic service. They have been incredible.
We in America honor our great heros. This week in the East Room of the White House, I awarded the Medal of Honor to a true American hero. Specialist 5, James C. McCloughan. Many of you watched as I gave Jim the medal.
He courageously saved the lives of his fellow soldiers in Vietnam. His story is now enshrined forever. Earlier this morning the former Marine named Woody Williams lead everyone here in the Pledge of Allegiance. Thank you, Woody. 
Woody received a Medal of Honor from President Harry Truman for his actions in Iwo Jima. We honor you and salute you and thank you for what you've done for all of us. Thank you, Woody. We must protect them with their put, sweat, tears, and bravery.
All across the country Americans of every kind are coming together with one simple goal. Make America great again. The stock market reached yet another all time in history. All time high today. Boosting at the retirement savings, hope any, of everybody in the room. Have you all been helped? I think so. Unemployment is at a 16-year low don't forget.
I'll never forget the millions and millions of people out there that want jobs that don't register on the unemployment rolls, because they gave up looking for jobs. So I accept the number, but honestly, we all know there are millions of people out there that we love.
The forgotten men and women and they are looking for jobs. They are going to have them. I have factories coming back into the country. You've seen that. They are coming back. 
We have auto plants expanding and coming back they are coming into Michigan. They are really coming into Michigan. And they are coming into Ohio and Pennsylvania. Economic growth has surged to 2.6% nationwide. You have to understand what that means. Nobody thought that number was going to happen. And at 3% growth in West Virginia. I wonder how that happened. 3% growth. West Virginia, you are leading the average.
When was the last time you heard that, West Virginia? You are leading the country's average. Remember I told you don't sell your homes. Don't sell your homes. You are doing great. I'm so proud of you.
You know, we won the state by 42 points. Can you believe that? 42 points. I asked your Republican party leader how would we be doing today versus November 8th and Election Day. He said honestly, President Trump, you are doing better. I said better? 42 points since our election, not mine, since our election we've added more than one million new jobs.
And the good news keeping on pouring in. In fact, we have a very important announcement to make tonight. Does anybody know what that announcement is? Does anybody know what that announcement is? We have a very, very large announcement. Do you understand? Large. So I would like to invite my good friend and your Governor, Jim Justice, up to the stage to share this news with all of you. Jim, come on up.
Come on up, Jim. Look at this guy. Jim is going to say a few words. These words have not been spoken by a major political figure, meaning Governor or Senator in our country for a long time. Thank you.
I want to thank your great Governor. Having big Jim as a Republican is such an honor. I will tell you. Such an honor. It is a fantastic man. A fantastic guy. And thank you, Jim, very much all over the nation. They are watching. They really appreciate that.
And we have another friend with us tonight who voted for us on health care and honestly, how the Republicans and the Democrats let us down on that is hard to believe. Repeal and replace. Hard to believe. Hard to believe. Senators. A Senator who voted for us, Shelley Moore, who is here with us tonight. Thank you, Shelley.
Jim came to the Oval Office a couple of weeks ago. We talked about how we are working together to open up the coal mines in this state and also very importantly to create jobs in furniture manufacturing, and other forms of manufacturing very important to Jim.
But Governor Justice did something else very important tonight. He showed the country that our agenda rises above left or right it is an agenda for all of the people, especially for the tens of millions of forgotten Americans. They are not so forgotten anymore. I will tell you.
He approved that. You proved it. They are not forgotten anymore. Countless citizens, Democrats, and Republicans, independents, have been neglected and ignored by Washington. But we will make sure they are never ignored again.
We know there are powerful forces in Washington who want to stomp us. But we won't let them. We are fighting for every American who has been overlooked, pushed aside, or told to put their dreams on hold but we will win and we're winning though. The failed voices in Washington who oppose our movement are the exact same people who gave us one terrible trade deal after another.
Who gave us one foreign policy disaster after another, and who sacrificed our sovereignty, our wealth, and our jobs. They gave them away. We don't need advice from the Washington swamp. We need to drain the swamp. 
Washington is full of people who are only looking out for themselves. You know it better than most. I didn't come to Washington for me. I came to Washington for all of you. That I can tell you. 
Your dreams are my dreams. Your hopes are my hopes. And your future is what I'm fighting for each and every day. The question for Democrats -- all Democrats, including those in Congress, is whether they are on the side of the voters or are they on the side of the special interests? The reason why Democrats only talk about at the totally made up Russia story is because they have no message, no agenda, and no vision.
They don't talk about the all time high stock market. They don't talk about reforms to the V.A. Or about manufacturing jobs we're bringing back to America by the hundreds of thousands. They don't talk about the Keystone pipeline that I immediately approved or the Dakota Access Pipeline. Russia story is a total fabrication.
It is just an excuse for the greatest loss in the history of American politics. That's all it is. It is just makes them feel better what they have nothing else to talk about.
What the prosecutor should be look at are Hillary Clinton's 33,000 deleted e-mails, and they should be looking at the paid Russian speeches. And the owned Russian companies. Or let them look at at the uranium she sold that's now in the hands of very angry Russian.
Most people know there were no Russians in our campaign. There never were. We didn't win because of Russia. We won because of you. That I can tell you. We won because we totally out worked the other side. We won because millions of patriotic Americans voted to take back their country.
Have you seen any Russians in West Virginia or Ohio or Pennsylvania? Are there any Russians here tonight? Any Russians? They can't beat us at the voting booths. They are trying to cheat you out of the future and the future that you want. They are trying to cheat you out of the leadership that you want with a fake story that is demeaning to all of us and most importantly, demeaning to our country and demeaning to our Constitution.
I just hope the final determination is a truly honest one. Which is what at the the millions of people who gave us our big win in November deserve. And what all Americans who want a better future want and deserve Democrat lawmakers will have to decide.
They can continue their obsession with the Russian hoax, or they can serve the interests of the American people. Try winning a the voter booth. Try winning at the voter booth.
Not going to be easy. But that's the way you are supposed to do it. Our agenda is the pro-growth agenda. We want to control our boarders and lift our people from welfare to work. We want to support our police and make our communities safe. We want to reduce taxes and increase wages for all of our people.
We want to get the special interest out of politics for good. And we want to bring back our plants and our factories and our manufacturing and that's what is happening right now. You see it, and so does every other state in our union.
That is why in the proud tradition of America's great leaders from Washington to Lincoln to Teddy Roosevelt, we are protecting American workers and we are protecting American industry for the first time in many, many decades. No longer will we allow other considerations to close our jobs, steal our factories, and drain our wealth. We are building our future with American labor and hands and aluminum and steel and, what else, coal.
We will buy American and we will hire American. To protect our jobs and our industry, I withdrew the United States from the horrible Trans-Pacific Partnership. And to protect our workers and coal miners, I also withdrew the United States from the job-killing Paris Climate Accord.
But not only are we bringing back our jobs, we are bringing back our safety. We have seen the bloodshed and devastation inflicted by terrorists in America, in Europe, and all across the world I said it during the campaign. I will say it again right here tonight.
We will keep radical, Islamic terrorists out of our country.  we only want to admit people in our country who love our people and who share our values. We're also keeping our country safe from criminal gangs and violent crime.
We are taking the fight to the drug smugglers. Human traffickers. And the vile criminal cartels like MS-13 who are being thrown out of our country so quickly you can't even count.
Just last week I visited Long Island. MS-13 has brought violence to a once-peaceful and beautiful neighborhood right where I grew up. We are liberating American communities from the vicious, violent gangs.
One by one we're finding the drug dealers, gang members, thieves, criminals, and predators, and we're throwing them out of our country. Once they are gone, we will not let them back in. We are stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth.
You have a big problem in West Virginia and we are going to solve that problem. We are cracking down strongly on sanctuary cities that shield criminal aliens. And in order to stop the drugs, gangs, and traffickers, we are building a wall on the southern border.
I also proudly announced legislation this week with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue to perform our immigration system to protect American workers and American taxpayers. It is called the raise act. R-A-I-S-E. The Raise Act.
For many years America has issued most of the green cards to lower-skilled immigrants. And people who had no hope of getting a job. Undermining blue collar workers and wages and costing taxpayers billions and billions of dollars a year. The Raise Act switches to a merit-based system. You come in largely based on merit.
Doesn't that sound nice? Wouldn't that be nice? It is about time. Our proposal prevents new immigrants from going on welfare for at least five years. So you don't come in and go on welfare.
Our plan favors applicants who can speak English, who can support themselves financially, and who demonstrate valuable skills that will strengthen our economy and strengthen our country. We believe decisions on who immigrants are in our country should be based on the best interest of America and the best interest of the American people. You.
We are working to honor millions and million of workers who came out and voted for us. That's why I will repeat again tonight that Congress must do its job, keep its promise, live up to its were, and repeal and replace Obamacare. You have to do it.
Fog in life is easy. But Congress must not give in. They must not give up. But instead, Congress must get to work and deliver Americans the great health care that they deserve, the great repeal and replace that they've been talking about for seven years. Incredible. One vote.
Incredible. But we'll get it. We'll get it, folks. They can't give up. Call your Congressman, call your Senators, call everybody. Get them to have the guts to vote to repeal and replace Obamacare. Which is a disaster.
To be a prosperous nation, it is critical we lower the tax burden on our workers and businesses. The United States has the highest tax rate on business anywhere in the world.
We want to bring it down to one of the lowest, because we want more growth, more jobs, and high er pay. That's what's doing to happen. And importantly, we also want to let Americans keep more of their own money.
Not take it from them. It is time to pass a tax cut for middle class families. Finally, and you'll see very soon what you are hearing about it, my administration is committed to rebuilding the deleted infrastructure of the United States.
Think of it. We've spent six trillion dollars in the Middle East and the Middle East is a hundred times worse than it was 16 years ago when we started. Can you believe this? What a shame.
That's why we are pushing a $1 trillion new infrastructure investment bill. We're going to fix our roads, we're going to fix our bridges, we're going to fix our highways and our schools and our airports we will create amazing monuments that inspire awe and wonder in our people. It used to be that way.
It is not that way any longer. We have airports that look like third world countries. It is not going to be that way anymore. American workers will build this great future. And American energy and American clean coal will power this future. We are the nation that put a man on the moon that dug out the Panama Canal, and that won two world wars.
We can do anything, we can build anything with and we can dream anything. We share one home and one glorious destination. Where we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood.
We all salute that same great American flag. And we are all made by the same almighty God. As long as we remember these truths and who we are and what we are fighting for, we will never fail.
America will triumph. Freedom will prevail. Our values will endure. Our citizens will prosper. And our nation will thrive as never before. With patriotism in our soul and with love for West Virginia in our hearts, we say these words again tonight.
We will make America strong again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America proud again we will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, West Virginia. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. 
Thank you, Melania, America loves our First Lady, thank you. I am thrilled to be back in the great state of Ohio right here with the incredible men and women of Youngstown. What an amazing few days it's been. On Saturday, I was in Virginia with thousands of brave men and women of the United States military.
Do we love the United States military? We commissioned the newest, largest, and most advanced aircraft carrier in the history of our nation, the USS Gerald R. Ford into the great American fleet.  Then yesterday, I was in West Virginia with almost 50,000 of our most impressive young Americans.
They are young men who learned to cherish words like duty, honor, God, and country, the Boy Scouts. Then only a few hours ago the senate approved a vote to begin debating the repealing and replacing the Obamacare disaster.  Finally. You think that's easy? That's not easy.
We're now one step closer to liberating our citizens from this Obamacare nightmare, and delivering great health care for the American people. We're gonna do that too. And now tonight I'm back in the center of the American heartland, far away from the Washington swamp to spend time with thousands of true American patriots.  We have spent the entire week celebrating with the hard-working men and women who are helping us make America great again.
I'm here this evening to cut through the fake news filter and to speak straight to the American people. fake news. fake, fake, fake news..
Boy oh boy, people. Is there any place that's more fun, more exciting and safer than a Trump rally?
Where the hell did he come from? This has been a difficult week for the media because I forced them to travel with us all around the country and spend time with tens of thousands of proud Americans who believe in defending our values, our culture, our borders, our civilization, and our great American way of life. , Everyone in this arena is united by their love, and you know that. Do we know that. Everyone.
United by their love for this country and their loyalty to one another, their loyalty to its people.  And we want people to come into our country who can love us and cherish us and be proud of America and the American flag.  We believe that schools should teach our children to have pride in our history and respect for that great American flag. We all believe in the rule of law, and we support the incredible men and women of law enforcement.
Thank you. Thank you for being here. cheers. We celebrate our military and believe the American armed forces are the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world, and by the way, they're getting a lot greater fast.
A lot greater. You saw our budget. we're ordering billions and billions of dollars of new ships and new planes and equipment for our great soldiers. We are building it up. There's rarely been a time where we needed the protection of our incredible military more than right now, right here, and that's what we're going to do.
We believe in freedom, self-government, and individual rights. We cherish and defend -- thank you, it looks like it's in very good shape -- our Second Amendment. congratulations.  Yes, our Second Amendment is very, very sound again.
that would have been gonzo. It would have been gone, but i never had a doubt. We support the constitution of the United States and believe that judges should interpret the constitution as written and not make up new meaning for what they read. And finally, we believe that family and faith, not government and bureaucracy, are the foundation of our society.
You've heard me say it before on the campaign trail and I'll say it again tonight. In America, we don't worship government. We worship God. .
Tonight, we're going to set aside the cynics and the critics because we know exactly why they are so angry and so bitter. Day by day, week by week we are restoring our government's allegiance to its people, to its citizens, to the people that we all love. We are keeping our promises to the people, and yes, we are putting finally, finally, finally we are putting America first. .
After years and years of sending our jobs and our wealth to other countries, we are finally standing up for our workers and for our companies.  After spending billions of dollars defending other nations' borders, we are finally defending our borders. . Don't even think about it, we will build the wall.
Don't even think about it. I watched the media as they say, well, he just had some fun during the campaign on the wall. That wasn't fun, folks. We're building that wall, and walls do work and we're going to have great people come into our country, but we're not gonna to put ourselves through the problems that we've had for so many years. 
After decades of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally going to rebuild our nation. . They're pointing to a protester. Honestly, if you don't point, nobody's even going to know he's here. Weak voice, weak voice, don't worry. . Boy, he's a young one.
he's going back home to mommy. Oh, is he in trouble. He's in trouble. He's in trouble.
And I'll bet his mommy voted for us, right?  By the way, so this morning I'm watching Fox News  And they had some people on, and these were democrats that voted for trump. And they had this on. And so far if anything, they've gotten even more committed. But they had a man on this morning -- they had a man on this morning who was a Democrat his whole life.
He voted as a democrat, but he voted for -- I say us, I don't say me. He voted for us in the last election 2016.  And they said to him, so if the election were held now again, what would you do? And he effectively said, man, would I vote for Trump again, even faster. So his name is Gino de Fabio.
where is Gino? Gino, get over here, Gino. Whoa. Gino de Fabio!.
Thank you, Gino. What a man. I watched him this morning, I said, we got to find this guy, he's just a great person. Always a Democrat, now it's gone.
I'll tell you what, I rode through your beautiful roads coming up from the airport, and I was looking at some of those big once incredible job-producing factories, and my wife, Melania, said what happened? I said, those jobs have left Ohio. They're all coming back. They're all coming back. . Don't move.
Don't sell your house. Don't sell your house. Remember, i got a lot of credit. This is hard to believe but the press gave me a lot of credit because a number of years ago I said this is the time to buy a house during one of my speeches.
I said, go out and buy, and they did this big story, Trump predicted. Let me tell you folks in Ohio and in this area, don't sell your house. Don't sell your house. Do not sell it.
We're going to get those values up. We're going to get those jobs coming back, and we're going to fill up those factories or rip them down and build brand new ones. It's going to happen.  We're gonna have it so that Americans can once again speak the magnificent words of Alexander Hamilton, "here the people govern." Political correctness for me is easy.
Sometimes they say he doesn't act Presidential. And I say, hey look, great schools, smart guy, it's so easy to act presidential but that's not gonna to get it done. In fact, I said it's much easier, by the way, to act presidential than what we're doing here tonight, believe me. And I said -- and I said with the exception of the late great Abraham Lincoln, i can be more presidential than any President that's ever held this office.
That I can tell you. It's real easy.  But sadly, we have to move a little faster than that. We will never be beholden to the lobbyists or the special interests.
We will never be silenced by the media. I want to protect America, and i want to protect the citizens of America. Your hopes are my hopes. Your dreams are my dreams.
I've had a great successful career. I've built a great, great business. This is the only thing that matters. This is the only thing that matters.
There is nothing else. Your future is what I'm fighting for each and every day. Here is just a small sample of what we have accomplished in just our first six months in office. And I'll say this and they always like to say, well, I don't know.
But I think that with few exceptions no president has done anywhere near what we've done in his first six months. Not even close. But they don't let you know. They don't want to write about it.
That unemployment last month hit a 16-year low. Since my election, we've added much more than 1 million jobs. Think of that. And remember I came in and some people said, don't say that.
I'd say, "what do you have to lose?" I talked about the inner city, and I talked about the crime and the problems and the lack of education, and I talked to my African-American friends and I said, vote for me, what the hell do you have to lose? Do you remember that? The Hispanic, the African-American, the inner cities. So now it just came out, African-Americans and teenagers are enjoying their lowest unemployment since just after the turn of the millennium.  That's pretty good, right? we've eliminated burdensome regulations at record speed and many, many more are coming off. And boy, have we put those coal miners and coal back on the map. You've seen that, haven't you? And all other forms of energy.
We've achieved a historic increase in defense spending to get our troops the support they so richly deserve. We have signed new legislation to hold federal workers accountable for the care they provide to our great, great veterans. Veterans Accountability Act, they've been trying to get that done for many, many, many years, even decades. And you understand why it was tough, but we got it done.
In fact, our secretary is with us tonight, David Shulkin, and we have some just incredible people here tonight, some of whom you've already met. But the job they're doing for the vets, having to do with choice, having to do with doctors, having to do with not having to wait online for days and days and days and getting sicker and sicker and sicker, where you could be taken care of immediately. Now you go out and you see a doctor. To protect American jobs and workers, I withdrew the united states from both the Trans-Pacific Partnership potential disaster and the job-killing Paris Climate Accord.
Believe me. And if we don't negotiate a great deal with Mexico and Canada, we will terminate NAFTA and we'll start all over again. You remember when I was in Youngstown, I said we will either renegotiate NAFTA or we'll terminate it. So let's see what happens, but we're right now negotiating with the heads of Mexico, a good man, the President, and the Prime Minister of Canada, a good man.
Let's see what happens. But we will no longer be the foolish people. We will no longer be the stupid people that get taken care of so badly by our politicians because they don't know what they're doing.  We will always work with our friends and partners, but we will never again sacrifice Ohio jobs or jobs from any state in our union to enrich other countries which has been what is happening to this country. 
And by the way, while we're on it, the Iran deal which may be the single worst deal I've ever seen drawn by anybody, if that deal doesn't conform to what it's supposed to conform to, there's going to be big, big problems for them. That I can tell you. You're going to see that. Believe me.
You would have thought when that deal was made by Secretary Kerry, maybe the worst negotiator I've ever seen, you would have thought that Iran would have said, thank you, United States. We can't believe you gave us between $100 billion and $150 billion when they were ready to fail. We can't believe you gave us $1.7 billion in cash. You know what that looks like? You would have thought they would have said, "thank you, United States, we really love you very much." Instead, they've become emboldened.
That won't take place much longer.  The great president from the state of Ohio, William McKinley and you know William McKinley, does anybody know who the hell he is? Do you know who he is? William McKinley understood that when America protects our workers and our industries, we open up a higher and better destiny for our people. We don't protect our people. We don't protect.
Trade comes in, goods come in. I was with Harley-Davidson, a great company from Wisconsin. Who has a Harley-Davidson? A lot of you.  They came to the White House and they said to me, "yeah, it's tough going outside of the United States.
We're doing great in the United States but when we sell a motorcycle to certain countries, we have as much as a 100% tax to pay." And I said, "tell me, when they sell back to us, meaning reciprocal, so when they sell back to us, what tax do we charge them?" The answer is zero.  Those days are going to be over very soon.  Unfortunately, like everything else, there are so many restrictions on doing what's right for our country, there's so much red tape, but don't worry, we're getting through it. The red tape, you would think we could just do it.
Wouldn't you think you could say, "hey, you charge us 100%, we're going to charge you 100%?" Then either you'll get the money or you'll both drop it, right? We can't do that. We've got to go back to Congress, who other than health care today, has been made some very bad deals, okay? So we're going to start enriching our country. We're going to start bringing back our jobs, and we will be fools no longer, folks. We'll be fools no longer.
Every single President on Mt. Rushmore  now here's what i do. I'd ask whether or not you think I will someday be on Mt. Rushmore, but, but here's the problem.
If I did it joking, totally joking, having fun, the fake news media will say, "he believes he should be on Mt. Rushmore." So I won't say it, okay? I won't say it. But every president -- they'll say it anyway tomorrow. "Trump thinks he should be on Mt. Rushmore."
Isn't that terrible? What a group. What a dishonest group of people, I'll tell you.  And you know the funny thing is that you would think they'd want to see our country be great again. You would really think so.
But they don't. Someday they'll explain it to me why. Every president on Mt. Rushmore believed in protecting American industry. We have to protect our industry. And now we are going to start, we are reclaiming our heritage as a manufacturing nation again. Bob Kraft, the owner of the New England patriots, I don't know if you like New England but they have a hell of a team.  That's okay.
But he came to the Oval Office and he brought a sheet with him that just came out. Manufacturing enthusiasm in the United States is at an all-time high. Isn't that great? To me that's so great. because we're going to bring back our jobs, bring back our wealth, and we are going to bring back our dreams, and we are going to bring back, once again our sovereignty as a nation.
As a nation.  Since I took office we have cut illegal immigration on our southern border by record numbers. 78%.  Record, record numbers.
And in fact, the ICE, folks I'll tell you what, and the border patrol police, they are phenomenal people. They're working with General Kelly. And just so you understand, we've already started fixing much of the good wall that's already there. We've already started fixing it. But we are breaking records.
And it was actually told to me the other day by somebody in Mexico that's very high up, said it's incredible because their southern border is getting very little traffic. Nobody is coming anymore because they know they can't get through our southern border. So they don't even come.  Never again will America surrender the security of our people, the safety of our communities or the sovereignty of our nation.
We are cracking down hard on the foreign criminal gangs that have brought illegal drugs, violence, horrible bloodshed to peaceful neighborhoods all across our country. We are throwing MS-13 the hell out of here so fast. You know, we're actually -- hard to believe that we're talking about our great country. We are actually liberating towns and cities.
We are liberating  people are screaming from their windows, thank you, thank you to the border patrol and to General Kelly's great people that come in and grab the thugs and throw them the hell out. We are liberating our towns and we are liberating our cities. Can you believe we have to do that?  Earlier in year and immigration and customs enforcement conducted the largest single raid of transnational gangs in the history of our country. We are dismantling and destroying the bloodthirsty criminal gangs, and well, I will just tell you in, we're not doing it in a politically correct fashion.
We're doing it rough. Our guys are rougher than their guys. I asked one of our great generals, "how tough are our people? How tough are they?" He said, "Sir, you don't want to know about it." Then I saw one guy come out, a customs officer who is a monster. I said, "so general, you think i could take that guy in a fight?" He said, "Mr.
President, sir i don't even want to think about it." I said "you're right, actually." We have tough people. Our people are tougher than their people. Our people are tougher and stronger and meaner and smarter than the gangs. One by one we are finding the illegal gang members, drug dealers, thieves, robbers, criminals and killers.
And we are sending them the hell back home where they came from. And once they are gone, we will never let them back in. Believe me. The predators and criminal aliens who poison our communities with drugs and prey on innocent young people, these beautiful, beautiful, innocent young people will, will find no safe haven anywhere in our country.
And you've seen the stories about some of these animals. They don't want to use guns, because it's too fast and it's not painful enough. So they'll take a young, beautiful girl, 16, 15, and others and they slice them and dice them with a knife because they want them to go through excruciating pain before they die. And these are the animals that we've been protecting for so long.
Well, they're not being protected any longer, folks. And that is why my administration is launching a nationwide crackdown on sanctuary cities. American cities should be sanctuaries for law-abiding Americans, for people that look up to the law, for people that respect the law, not for criminals and gang members that we want the hell out of our country.  Sanctuary cities legislation has passed the house, along with Kate's Law, named for Kate Steinle, who was brutally killed by a five-time deported illegal immigrant.
We are asking the Senate to vote on sanctuary cities and Kate's Law legislation. We've got to get it passed. The Trump administration has the backs of our ICE Officers, our border patrol agents. And yes, our great police officers.
And we have their backs 100%. We are going to also protect them, like they protect us. This month in Chicago, there have been more than 2 homicide victims per day. What the hell is going on in Chicago? Better tell that Mayor to get tough, because it's not working what they're doing.
We are going to get criminals off our streets. And we are going to make America safe again. We also strongly believe that our borders must always be closed to terrorism and extremism. We don't want radical Islamic terrorists in our country.
We've seen the total devastation in Europe. And the attack from New York to Boston to San Bernardino. Exactly one year ago next month I came right here to Youngstown to deliver a major address on how my administration would protect our country from terrorism and radical Islamic terrorism. We only want to admit those into our country who share our values, who love our people and who always will love our people.
We don't want people coming into our country who have bad intentions even before they start.  We also believe that those seeking to immigrate into our country should be able to support themselves financially and should not be able to use welfare for themselves or the household for a period of at least five years. As we speak, we are working with two wonderful senators, Tom Cotton and David Purdue, to create a new immigration system for America. Instead of today's low-skill system, just a terrible system where anybody comes in.
People that have never worked, people that are criminals, anybody comes in. We want a merit-based system. One that protects workers our workers, our taxpayers, and one that protects our economy. We want it merit-based.
We want people that work really hard in their country and that are going to come into our country and work really, really hard. We don't want people that come into our country and immediately go on welfare and stay there for the rest of their lives. We're not going to do it. We are working every single day to move the legislation that serves the interests of the American people.
As we discussed earlier, at the very top of the list is health care reform. With Obamacare, the Washington obstructionists, meaning Democrats, made big promising to the American people. And every single promise they made turned out to be a lie. I can have your doctor.
You can have your plan. Do you remember? 28 times. You can have your doctor. You can have your plan. I know Democrats who heard that and they would have never have voted for it but they voted for it because they believed the lies of President Obama. For seven years every Republican running for office promised to repeal and replace in disastrous law. Now they must keep their promise. The Senate is working not only to repeal Obamacare but to deliver great health care for the American people.
Any senator who votes against repeal and replace is telling America that they are fine with the Obamacare nightmare, and I predict they'll have a lot of problems. In West Virginia, recent premiums have gone up 169% since Obamacare went into effect. In Alaska over 200%. And the deductibles have gone through the roof.
You'll never even get to use it. In Missouri, premiums have shot up 145% under Obamacare. In Pennsylvania the cost of Obamacare insurance has more than doubled, and the coverage has become horrific. It's time for Democrats to stop resisting.
That's their term. Resist. Resist. They have to do, finally, what's right for the American people. But probably we'll do it ourselves. Because today we won 51 to 50 and didn't get one Democrat vote. Think of that.  My administration is working every single day to heed and honor the will of the voters.
That includes working on one of the biggest tax cuts in American history. And actually if I get what I want it will be the single biggest tax cut in American history. We have the highest taxes anywhere in the world, and this will really bring them down to one of the lowest. And we really have no choice.
We will have growth. We will have everything that we've dreamed of having. It's time to let Americans keep more of their own money. It's time to bring new companies to our shores and to create a new era of growth, prosperity and wealth.
We want millions of Americans to be lifted from welfare to work and from dependence to independence. One of the ways we will put more Americans to work is by rebuilding our nation's crumbling infrastructure. That is why I have called on legislators to pass a bill that generates $1 trillion in new infrastructure investments. We're going to fix our roads our bridges our tunnels our airports.
We are going to fix all of the things that once made us great. And we are going to use American iron, American steel, American aluminum. We will buy American and will hire, finally, American. We want once again to have the best infrastructure.
The best schools, the best jobs, the best factories. And we want products that proudly carry the label "made in the USA." We want this country that we love so much, America, to be strong, proud and free. Which means America must also be united. Because when America is united, America is totally unstoppable.
Although I'll be totally honest with you even if it's not united we're unstoppable so don't worry. We're gonna to be unstoppable either way but it would be nice, wouldn't it? Our small differences are nothing compared to our common history, common values and common future. Wes hare one heart, one home and one glorious destiny. Now it is up to us to preserve the birth right of freedom and justice, the birth right of prosperity that our ancestors won for us with their sweat, with their sweat, with their blood, with their work, with their muscle, with their brain.
They won it for us and we're gonna make it bigger and better and stronger than it ever was before. It's time to look past the old divisions. They're tired, really tired, politicians. And the stale debates of the past, and to finally come together as one nation under god.
We have no choice. We cannot and never will back down. We will never, ever give up. We cannot fail. And if we remember what unites us, then I promise you we will not fail. We cannot fail. We will make America strong again. We will make America wealthy again.
We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, God bless you, God bless the state of Ohio. Thank you everybody.
So I was asked to go by the President, who I get along with very well, despite a lot of fake news. You know, I actually have a very good relationship with all of the people at the G20. And he called me, he said, would you come, it's Bastille Day -- 100 years since World War I. And I said, that's big deal, 100 years since World War I. So we're going to go, I think we're going to have a great time, and we're going to do something good. And he's doing a good job. He's doing a good job as President.
A big thing we have with China was, if they could help us with North Korea, that would be great. They have pressures that are tough pressures, and I understand. And you know, don't forget, China, over the many years, has been at war with Korea -- you know, wars with Korea. It's not like, oh, gee, you just do whatever we say. They've had numerous wars with Korea.
They have an 8,000 year culture. So when they see 1776 -- to them, that's like a modern building. The White House was started -- was essentially built in 1799. To us, that's really old. To them, that's like a super modern building, right? So, you know, they've had tremendous conflict over many, many centuries with Korea. So it's not just like, you do this. But we're going to find out what happens.
Very important to me with China, we have to fix the trade. We have to fix the trade. And I've been going a little bit easier because I'd like to have their help. It's hard to go . But we have to fix the trade with China because it's very, very none-reciprocal.
Nobody has ever said it before. I say it all the time. Somebody said, what cards do you have? I said, very simple -- trade. We are being absolutely devastated by bad trade deals. We have the worst of all trade deals is with China.
We have a bad deal with South Korea. We're just starting negotiations with South Korea. South Korea, we protect, but we're losing $40 billion a year with South Korea on trade. We have a trade deficit of $40 billion. The deal just came up.
That was another Hillary Clinton beauty. Remember she said it was five-year deal, and now it's an extension period. She said this will put jobs in our country. She said we'll make money with it. Great. We're losing $40 billion a year. It's a horrible deal. So we're starting -- we started, as of yesterday, renegotiating the deal with South Korea. We have to.
But the biggest strength we have are these horrendous trade deals, like with China. That's our strength. But we're going to fix them. But in terms of North Korea, our strength is trade.
Well, yeah, when I say reciprocal -- you make reciprocal deals, you're talking about hundreds of billions of dollars. But before I did that, I wanted to give it a good shot. Let's see. And they helped us. I have a very good relationship with him. I think he's a tremendous guy. But don't forget. He's for China. I'm for the U.S. So that's always going to be.
So he could be a tremendous guy, but he's going to do what's good for China. And he doesn't want 50 million people pouring across his border. You know, there are a lot of things. I understand the other side. You always have to understand the other side.
Steel is a big problem. Steel is -- I mean, they're dumping steel. Not only China, but others. We're like a dumping ground, okay? They're dumping steel and destroying our steel industry, they've been doing it for decades, and I'm stopping it. It'll stop.
There are two ways -- quotas and tariffs. Maybe I'll do both.
No, I think, first, I want to do -- well, we have a few things. We have a thing called healthcare. I'm sure you haven't been reading about it too much. It is one of the -- I'd say the only thing more difficult than peace between Israel and the Palestinians is healthcare. It's like this narrow road that about a quarter of an inch wide. You get a couple here and you say, great, and then you find out you just lost four over here. Healthcare is tough.
But I think we're going to have something that's really good and that people are going to like. We're going to find out over the next -- you know, we just extended for two weeks. Which, that's a big --
No, not joking, no. There is a chance that we can do a solar wall. We have major companies looking at that. Look, there's no better place for solar than the Mexico border -- the southern border. And there is a very good chance we can do a solar wall, which would actually look good. But there is a very good chance we could do a solar wall.
One of the things with the wall is you need transparency. You have to be able to see through it. In other words, if you can't see through that wall -- so it could be a steel wall with openings, but you have to have openings because you have to see what's on the other side of the wall.
And I'll give you an example. As horrible as it sounds, when they throw the large sacks of drugs over, and if you have people on the other side of the wall, you don't see them -- they hit you on the head with 60 pounds of stuff? It's over. As crazy as that sounds, you need transparency through that wall. But we have some incredible designs.
But we are seriously looking at a solar wall. And remember this, it's a 2,000 mile border, but you don't need 2,000 miles of wall because you have a lot of natural barriers. You have mountains. You have some rivers that are violent and vicious. You have some areas that are so far away that you don't really have people crossing. So you don't need that. But you'll need anywhere from 700 to 900 miles.
Plus we have some wall that's already up that we're already fixing. You know, we've already started the wall because we're fixing large portions of wall right now. We're taking wall that was good but it's in very bad shape, and we're making it new. We're fixing it. It's already started. So we've actually, in the true sense -- you know, there's no reason to take it down or . So in a true sense, we've already started the wall.
Don is -- as many of you know Don -- he's a good boy. He's a good kid. And he had a meeting, nothing happened with the meeting. It was a short meeting as he told me -- because I only heard about it two or three days ago.
As he told me, the meeting went -- and it was attended by a couple of other people who -- one of them left after a few minutes -- which is Jared. The other one was playing with his iPhone. Don listened, out of politeness, and realized it wasn't...
Honestly, in a world of politics, most people are going to take that meeting. If somebody called and said, hey -- and you're a Democrat -- and by the way, they have taken them -- hey, I have really some information on Donald Trump. You're running against Donald Trump. Can I see you? I mean, how many people are not going to take the meeting?
He didn't say that. No. He said, I think he accepted it, but you'd have to ask him. That's a big difference. So I said, very simply -- and the first 45 minutes, don't forget, most of the papers said I'd never bring it up. Had to be the first 20 to 25 minutes.
And I said to him, were you involved with the meddling in the election? He said, absolutely not. I was not involved. He was very strong on it. I then said to him again, in a totally different way, were you involved with the meddling. He said, I was not -- absolutely not.
Somebody said later to me, which was interesting. Said, let me tell you, if they were involved, you wouldn't have found out about it. Okay, which is a very interesting point.
What I said, I asked him, were you involved? He said, very strongly -- said to him a second time -- totally different -- were you involved? Because we can't let that happen. And I mean whether it's Russia or anybody else, we can't let there be even a scintilla of doubt when it comes to an election. I mean, I'm very strong on that.
And I'm not saying it wasn't Russia. What I'm saying is that we have to protect ourselves no matter who it is. You know, China is very good at this. I hate to say it, North Korea is very good at this. Look what they did to Sony Studios. They were the ones that did the whole deal to Sony. You know, we're dealing with highly sophisticated people.
So, China is very good. You have many countries. And you have many individuals that are very good at this. But we can't have -- and I did say, we can't have a scintilla of doubt as our elections and going forward.
I told him. I said, look, we can't -- we can't have -- now, he said absolutely not twice. What do you do? End up in a fistfight with somebody, okay? Because then I brought up Syria, and I said --
Very shortly there afterward. And I said, there's so much killing in Syria. We got to solve Syria. We've got to solve Ukraine. And you know, I've always said -- and I'm not just talking about Russia -- we're a lot better off -- like it's a good thing that I have a good relationship with President Xi. It's a good thing I have a good relationship with every one of them -- Modi -- you saw that. Every single one of them of all 19 -- there's 20 with us. All 19, I have a great relationship with.
So we're doing well. I mean, we're doing well and we're having a good time. Now what we'll do is we'll go celebrate with the President of France -- we have a good relationship -- open up a little trade with them. But it's got to be fair trade. I mean, every deal we have is bad. It's got to be fair trade.
I mean, the European Union, as an example -- I'm all for the European Union, but we have things that we can barely sell into the European Union. They're very protectionist. And we're not. And you have to be reciprocal.
To me, the word reciprocal is a beautiful word. Because people can say, we don't like a border tax or we don't like this or we don't like that. But what they can't say is that, if you're selling a motorcycle and they're coming into your country and not paying tax, and they're going into another country and paying 100 percent tax, people understand that's not fair. So we say we make it reciprocal.
I would say yes, yeah. At the right time. I don't think this is the right time, but the answer is yes I would. Look, it's very easy for me to say absolutely, I won't. That's the easy thing for me to do, but that's the stupid thing to do. Let's be the smart people not the stupid people. The easiest thing for me to tell you is that I would never invite him. We will never ever talk to Russia.
That all of my friends in Congress will say, oh he's so wonderful, he's so wonderful. Folks, we have perhaps the second most powerful nuclear country in the world. If you don't have dialogue, you have to be fools. Fools. It would be the easiest thing for me to say to Maggie and all of you, I will never speak to him, and everybody would love me. But I have to do what's right.
And, by the way, I only want to make great deals with Russia. Remember this, I have built up -- we're getting $57 billion more for the military. Hillary was going to cut the military. I'm a tremendous fracker, coal, natural gas, alternate energy, wind  everything, right? But I'm going to produce much much more energy than anyone else who was ever running for office. Ever. We're going to have clean coal, and Hillary wasn't.
Hillary was going to stop fracking. She was going to stop coal totally. Hey, in West Virginia I beat her by 42 points. Remember, she went and sat with the miners and they said get the hell out of here. So, I was going to -- if Hillary got in, your energy prices right now would be double. You'd be doing no fracking. You'd be doing practically no fossil fuels.
So Putin, everything I do is the exact opposite. I don't believe -- in fact, the one question that I didn't ask him that I wish I did -- but we had so many other things going, and really the ceasefire was a very complicated talk, it was a very important talk to me because I wanted to see if we could start a ceasefire. 
Now, why does that affect Russia? Because Russia makes its money through selling of oil, and we've got underneath us more oil than anybody, and nobody knew it until five years ago. And I want to use it. And I don't want that taken away by the Paris Accord. I don't want them to say all of that wealth that the United States has under its feet, but that China doesn't have and that other countries don't have, we can't use.
So now we no longer have the advantage. We have a tremendous advantage. We have more natural resources under our feet than any other country. That's a pretty big statement. Ten years ago, five years ago even, you couldn't make that statement. We're blessed. I don't want to give it up. I don't want to say oh, okay, we won't use it. But think of it. So, if Hillary is there, you're going to have a far less amount of fuel. Therefore, energy prices will be much, much higher. That's great for Russia.
So, the next time I'm with Putin, I'm going to ask him: who were you really for? Because I can't believe that he would have been for me. Me. Strong military, strong borders -- but he cares less about the borders -- but strong military, tremendous.
We're going to be an exporter of fuel this year. We're going to be exporting. What was the first thing I signed when I got in? The Keystone Pipeline, and the Keystone Pipeline goes from Canada all the way through our country right into the Gulf, and the ships are there to take it all over and compete with Russia.
The first thing I signed, the first day, was the Keystone Pipeline. That first * was the Keystone and the Dakota Access Pipeline -- also Dakota Access. Now, what does that mean? Dakota Access takes it to the Pacific. Who do they compete with? Russia. Hillary would have never signed -- that was with the reservation -- she would have never signed it. I was given great credit for that one. That was a tough one. First day.
It's also 48,000 jobs between both of them. The other one I signed, that was the Keystone. That was dead. That was dead for two years. It was never going to happen. I revived it on day one. You know, you'll check, please check it. I have to be exactly accurate. They'll say, oh I wasn't totally accurate. But that goes to the Gulf, right? Competes with Russia.
So now oil is getting to be record low -- and gas -- because we're producing so much. That means Russia -- and you know Russia  is having a little hard time because it has come down so much.
Well, I'm not talking about new, I'm talking about the old sanctions. Wait, we got to get this right. Ready? I think I said it right but just in case. We have very heavy sanctions on Russia right now. I would not and have never even thought about taking them off. Somebody said, Donald Trump wants to -- I don't want to take them off.
He never raised it. We did, I think, talk about the sanctions that Congress wants to pass, but it was very brief. Much of it was talked about Ukraine. Look, we talked about the elections. We talked about Ukraine and Syria. Not in that order. We talked about Syria and Ukraine. But I will just tell you, I didn't say this to him. We didn't talk about this aspect of it. I would never take the sanctions off until something is worked out to our satisfaction and everybody's satisfaction in Syria and in Ukraine.
I saw a report and I read a report that Trump wants to take off the sanctions. I've made a lot of money. I've made great deals. That's what I do. Why would I take sanctions off without getting anything?
What pressure? I didn't -- I did nothing. Hey, now it's shown there's no collusion, there's no obstruction, there's no nothing. Honestly, the whole thing, it is really a media witch hunt. It's been a media witch hunt. And it's bad for the country. You know, when you talk about Russia, if Russia actually did whatever they want to do, they got to be laughing, because look at what happens -- how much time...
They feel it's a witch hunt, the people. There are a lot of people. And those people vote. They don't stay home because it's drizzling. We proved that. But every single party chairman said that my base is substantially stronger than it was in November. That's a big compliment. That's a big compliment. And I feel it.
And I think what's happening is, as usual, the Democrats have played their card too hard on the Russia thing, because people aren't believing it. It's a witch hunt and they understand that. When they say "treason" -- you know what treason is? That's Julius and Ethel Rosenberg for giving the atomic bomb, okay? But what about all the congressmen, where I see the woman sitting there surrounded by -- in Congress.
So I think it's a good thing. When Hillary Clinton spent her ads -- you know, she spent almost 100 percent of her ads on anti-Donald Trump ads. You know that. Every ad was an anti ad. When the election came, nobody knew what she stood for.
I heard tonight, and I saw tonight, and I read tonight that they're making a big mistake. And I a lot of the Democrats feel -- they say, we're putting all our money into this Russia stuff and it's making Trump stronger. Because my people and the people that support me, who are incredible people, those people are angry because they feel it's being unfair and a witch hunt.
Thank you both. Thank you very much. This is some group, some group. It's nice to win, isn't it? Isn't it nice to win? Robert, thank you very much for that incredible introduction, and thank you to everyone from First Baptist Dallas. Thank You. Pastor, you and Amy have stood with us since the very very beginning, and I will always stand with you. I've told you that, and I mean that I will always be with you. I appreciate it, thank you.
And I'm honored to join you at the first ever Fourth of July Freedom Rally, taking place here at the Kennedy Center, as we pay tribute to those who have proudly served our nation in uniform. Thank you very much. 
Tonight, we have been inspired by music that fills our heart, stirs our souls, and reminds us all of who we are: one nation, under God.  To First Baptist music director, Doran Bugg, and to every musician and member of the choir who has performed with such incredible grace and skill -- and I heard them backstage, I said let me out there that is the most beautiful music. I just want to say that your music honors our heroes more eloquently than words could ever do, and I just want to thank you.
That's real talent standing behind me, thank you folks.  And let me say to the hundreds of veterans with us tonight that for my very first Independence Day celebration as President, there is no place I'd rather be than with you, tell you that. 
And I promise you -- then you see it happening day by day -- just the other day, we signed veterans accountability, they've been trying to do it for 40 years.  For 40 years, they've been trying. You couldn't fire somebody, if they were horrible, doing a terrible job for the veterans -- robbing, stealing, hurting people, you couldn't do anything. It's called the Veterans Accountability Act, and now you can say, you're fired.
Thank you, and I promise you that we will always take care of our great veterans, always. Right, Louie? You better believe it. And Paula's up there. Paula White has been so helpful. You've  -- thank you I love you too, actually.
You've shed your blood, you've poured your love, and you've bared your soul in defense of our country, our people, and our great American flag. Your loyalty to our nation is measured not merely in words but in deeds. You race through gunfire, stare down enemy forces and ran past the gates of hell to fight and to win for America, and you won for America, and we're going to take care of it. 
The story of America's men and women in uniform is the story of freedom, and overcoming oppression. The strong protecting the weak, and the good defeating evil. There's a lot of evil out there. I want to tell you there's a lot of evil. I was left a mess, the fact is, but we're cleaning it up. You watch. Cleaning it up. Cleaning it up.
We are awed by your service and your sacrifice, and so to the veterans here tonight, of which there are many, will you please stand, right now? Please stand, thank you.  On behalf of our very grateful nation, thank you very much. Thank you very much. We will always, always remember what you did for us. Tonight, we celebrate veterans. We also reflect on everything we cherish as Americans. We love our country. We love our families. We love our freedom, and we love our God. 
Since the signing of the Declaration of Independence 241 years ago, America always affirmed that Liberty comes from our Creator, our rights are given to us by God and no earthly force can ever take those rights away.  That is why my administration is transferring power out of Washington and returning that power back to where it belongs -- to the people. To the people.
The fake media is trying to silence us, but we will not let them, because the people know the truth. The fake media tried to stop us from going to the White House, but I'm President and they're not.  We won, and they lost. The fact is the press has destroyed themselves because they went too far. Instead of being subtle and smart, they use the hatchet and the people saw it right from the beginning.
The dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives. On behalf of our great American people, will never happen. Their agenda is not your agenda. You've been saying it. I will never stop fighting for you. I am delivering on trade, on the economy, on the Supreme Court, on the Second Amendment, on our military. For our veterans and on our borders, where we are doing record, record stoppage. 
Thank you, and we are supporting our incredible police and law enforcement.  We will save American lives, protect American sovereignty, and we will ensure the forgotten men and women of our country are never forgotten again.
For too long, politicians have tried... all have they tried, to centralize authority among the hands of a small few in our nation's capital. I see them all the time. Bureaucrats think they can run over your lives, overrule your values, meddle in your faith and tell you how to live, what to say and where to pray. But we know that parents, not bureaucrats, know best how to raise their children and create a thriving Society. 
And we know that families and churches, not government officials, know best how to create a strong and loving community. And above all else, we know this: in America, we don't worship government. We worship God.  Our religious liberty is enshrined in the very First Amendment in the Bill of Rights. The American founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Benjamin Franklin reminded his colleagues at the Constitutional Convention to begin by bowing their heads in prayer.
I remind you that we're going to start saying Merry Christmas again.  True. Inscribed on our currency are the words In God We Trust. But not only has God bestowed on us the gift of freedom, he's also given us the gift of heroes willing to give their lives to defend that freedom. You just stood in every struggle against evil throughout our history, as America's service members have huddled around campfire,  and sought refuge in foxholes.
They've called on their Creator for support in World War II when General George Patton -- that was a real general, we got some Pattons today too, I found them. Mad Dog Mattis.  And he doesn't like doing a lot of talking, but I want to tell you ISIS, the whole different ball game, folks. They're going fast.
But when Patton ran into a problem that he couldn't solve, he knew what to do. He prayed. Frustrated by rains that were stalling the advance of his Third Army across Europe in early December 1944, horrible weather, Patton asked an Army chaplain to come up with a good prayer for the weather.
Patton then had a quarter of a million copies of that prayer printed and distributed to the soldiers of the Third Army, just before the Battle of the Bulge. That was a big one, did very well there. Five hundred thousand American soldiers fought that pivotal battle of the Second World War. One of those soldiers is here with us tonight. His name is Harry F Miller, where's Harry? Where's Harry? Harry, stand up Harry. 
Like many of the heroes of his generation, Harry wasn't exactly straightforward about his age when he enlisted in the Army Reserves. Shame on you. Harry, he was just 15 but he told them he was old enough to join. Then he immediately asked for a transfer to active duty six months after he had enlisted. Private Miller was on his way to Europe to fight for our country. 
A couple of months after that, he was in the freezing cold. How cold? Cold, he said. Really cold and driving rain of Belgium with the 740th Tank Battalion attached to the 82nd airborne, as the Battle of the Bulge began. Harry got his orders to go find tanks at a weapon storage facility. When he arrived, he says he and his friends found nothing but tanks they were all over the place, right? Nothing but tanks.
But they didn't let the tanks stop them. Out of what spare parts they could find, and through sheer grit and resolve, they somehow managed to repair three of those tanks and get them all set for action and ready to fight.
And before long ,those three tanks were nose-to-nose with the lead elements of a German SS Panzer Division, and that was tough stuff. In a short time, those tanks had knocked out the first three tanks of the enemy, and the entire German division retreated. They left. That's good, Harry.  That's good, Harry.  Harry fought through the battle and the rest of the war and he went on to serve our armed forces for 22 years, retiring as a Senior Master Sergeant. A lot of guts.
Tomorrow, Harry will be 89. Tomorrow. So on behalf of this very large group, in this beautiful building, Senior Master Sergeant Miller, Happy Birthday. Thank you for your lifetime of service, and thank you for helping out. Thank you very much.  Every veteran with us tonight, from every branch of the military -- Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force and Coast Guard, I want you to know that we will always keep our promises to those who have kept us free.
Since my very first day in office, we've taken one action after another to make sure that our veterans get the care they so richly deserve. We've published wait times -- those wait times were bad, weren't they? But boy, are they getting better and fast. And we've published them at every VA facility, delivered same day mental health services at every VA Medical Center, nearly doubled. 
The number of veterans given approvals to see the doctor of their choice, and as I said, just signed, brand-new legislation went through the House, went through the Senate and I signed it so fast. We didn't want to take any chances, right Harry? To ensure every VA worker is held accountable for the quality of care they provide to our veterans. 
Tonight, we are deeply honored to be joined by a number of wounded warriors from Walter Reed. I was over there recently. These are incredible people, the enthusiasm and the spirit and some of them were hurt really badly. They've got so much spirit and they love this country so much. These American heroes risked everything so that you and I can live in freedom. They gave all. They had everything for their comrades, their country and for victory.
They liked winning. We like winning again, don't we?  You know, the old days, we used to win. We sort of just keep fighting and fighting and fighting. Gonna win again, folks. We applaud their strength, their courage and we really support that incredible wind that they have. The will, the will is so strong and that's what they want to do, is they want to win, and they want to win for you. So thank you all very much for being here, that was great. 
One such hero is Captain Luis Avila, where is he Luis? Luis?  Ee love you Luis.  The ways... Wow!  Luis is here tonight along with his wife Claudia. Thank You Claudia. Thank you, darling. Thank you. Thank you. Luis served in the Army for 16 years. He held many different positions on five combat tours, and he was always a leader, and everybody always said. I did some checking on you Luis, that you did a great job no matter where you were. No matter where you went.
On his fifth deployment, Luis bravely led his company on a successful mission to recover vital intelligence. During this critical mission, his vehicle was struck by explosives. Luis was gravely wounded, and lost his leg. He received a Purple Heart for service and sacrifice. To Luis and Claudia, we will never forget the courageous sacrifice that you made for all of us in this room tonight, and for everyone in our country. Thank you. Thank you. 
I want you all, and all of our incredible wounded warriors, to know you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you, and our nation's getting strong again. You notice getting strong again. Our hearts and our prayers are joined with yours. Your legacy, like our gratitude, will live forever, and I want to thank you.
Thank you very much, and Claudia thank you very much. Thank you. I also want to speak to all of the people -- see you thought I forgot -- in our faith community, who are here with us tonight. Veterans and non-veterans alike, you're never gonna be forgotten. You'll never be forgotten. My administration will always support and defend your religious liberty.  We don't want to see God forced out of the public square, driven out of our schools, or pushed out of our civic life. We want to see prayers before football games, if they want to give prayers.
We want all children to have the opportunity to know the blessings of God. We will not allow the government to censor sermons, to restrict the free speech of our pastors and our preachers, and the people that we most respect, like Robert. That is why... just as I promised Pastor Jeffress and other faith leaders... I just signed an executive order following, and this is something that makes me very happy and very proud, following through on my campaign pledge to stop the Johnson Amendment from interfering with your First Amendment rights.
As long as I am President, no one is going to stop you from practicing your faith or from preaching what is in your heart. We want to hear him. One of the most grave and dire threats to religious freedom in the world today is the threat of terrorism, and specifically, it just seems, it's called radical Islamic terrorism, and we cannot allow this terrorism and extremism to spread in our country or to find sanctuary on our shores or in our cities.
We want to make sure that anyone who seeks to join our country shares our values and has the capacity to love our people.  Thank you. Together, we will protect our families, our nations and our borders and yes, by the way for those that are curious, we will build the wall, okay? Because we understand that a country is more than just its geography. A nation is the sum of its citizens, their hopes, their dreams, their aspirations.
America is a land rich with history traditions and values, and as we have seen tonight, what a group this is tonight. America is also a land rich with heroes.  And though we have many stories, we all share one home and one glorious destiny, a destiny that's getting better and better. Every single day, and whether we are black or brown or white, and you've heard me say this before, we all bleed the same red blood. We all salute the same great American flag, and we are all made by the same Almighty God. 
We face many challenges. There are many hills and mountains to climb, but with the strength and courage of the Patriots assembled in this room tonight, we will scale -- I mean, and you say it, and you see it all the time, and we're doing it all the time, because we're scaling those summits, and we will get the job done. We will all prove worthy of this very important moment in history, and we will prove worthy of the sacrifice that our brave veterans have made. As long as we have pride in our beliefs, courage in our convictions, and faith in our God, we will not fail. 
As long as our country remains true to its values, loyal to its heroesm and devoted to its creator, then our best days are yet to come. Because we will make America great again.  Thank you. To my friend Pastor Jeffress, and to Paula and to Louie  and to Harry and to Luis, and everybody in this room, and everybody in this country, thank you for your great support. I appreciate it.
I will not let you down -- all of our incredible veterans -- the people in the military and -- evangelical Christians who came out in record, record, record numbers. Thank you. Have a wonderful Independence Day. God bless you. God bless our nation's veterans. God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you, everybody. It is great to be back in the great state of Iowa...  ... home of the greatest wrestlers in the world, including our friend Dan Gable, some of the great, great wrestlers of the world, right? We love those wrestlers.
It's always terrific to be able to leave that Washington swamp...  ... and spend time...  ... with the truly hardworking people. We call them American patriots. Amazing people.  I want to also extend our congratulations this evening to Karen Handel of Georgia.  And we can't forget Ralph Norman in South Carolina. He called me and I called him... 
He said, you know, last night I felt like the forgotten man. But he won, and he won really beautifully. Even though most people, a lot of people didn't show up because they thought he was going to win by so much. It's always dangerous to have those big leads. But he won very easily. And he is a terrific guy.
And I'll tell you what, Karen is going to be really incredible. She's going to be joining some wonderful people and doing some wonderful work including major, major tax cuts and health care and lots of things. 
Going to be reducing crime and we're securing that Second Amendment. I told you about that. And that looks like it's in good shape with Judge Gorsuch. That looks like it's in good shape.  I'd like to also take this moment to send our thoughts and prayers to our courageous friend, somebody that I've gotten to know very well, Steve Scalise, and everyone...  ... recovering from the assault.  Never fails. Never fails.  And we love our police. We love our police. 
So, to Steve we say -- and he's a great guy, was in my office the day before, incredible. We're praying for you. We're pulling for you. You have our absolute support and our deepest admiration.  And our gratitude goes out tonight as well to the Capitol Police officers who saved so many lives. You know, they ran from the outfield and they were being hit by rifle fire.
They only had handguns. And they were able to get him. It was an amazing show of talent and bravery.  So, we want to thank all of the police officers who so bravely serve and protect us. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hopefully our nation emerges from this ordeal -- it was an ordeal, terrible -- more unified and more determined than ever before. And I can see it. And we are indeed more unified in our own way than ever before
 You just have to take a look at what's happening here. Right?  If we set aside the cynics and the critics, we have a chance, and it's a great chance. It lies before us to do extraordinary things for our country in the years ahead.
History is written by the dreamers, not the doubters.  So...  ... while we are here tonight to celebrate the amazing progress that we've already made, and we have made amazing progress...  ... we're also here to lay out the next steps in our incredible movement to make America great again.
Everyone gathered in this arena is bound together by common values. You love our country. You obey our laws. You honor our traditions. And you care for your families. And you love your communities.  All you want is a government that shows you the same respect and loyalty in return. You believe that America must protect and defend its own citizens. With that conviction deep in your hearts, you showed up on Election Day, November 8th, and voted to put America first. 
About time. It's about time.  And from the moment I took that solemn oath of office and every single day since, that is exactly what I've done, put America first.  After years of sending our jobs and our wealth to other countries, we are finally standing up for our country. And you see it happening. You see it happening. You see what's going on.
Jobs are just about the best they've ever been. We've created almost $4 trillion in wealth if you look at your stock values and you look at what's going on with our country. But we've created tremendous wealth. The enthusiasm and spirit on every single index is higher than it's ever been before for our manufacturers and for our companies.  After spending billions of dollars defending other people's borders, we are finally going to defend our borders. 
After decades of rebuilding foreign nations all over the world, we are now rebuilding our nation.  As of a few months ago, our country has spent $6 trillion in the Middle East, wasted. And the lives, the lives, thousands and thousands and thousands of lives. $6 trillion and thousands of young, beautiful lives.
We started 16 years ago and it's in far worse shape than it was 16 years ago by many times over. So, we spent all of this money, all of these lives. And let me tell you, I came in and took over a very, very difficult hand. But we're going to get it fixed. That's what you put me here for. We're going to get it fixed.  We'll get it fixed. Shame. It's a shame. And then you look at North Korea -- thank you. Then you look at your -- and I'm praying for you. Thank you very much.
But you look at North Korea, what's going -- look at Otto, beautiful Otto. Went over there a healthy, wonderful boy and you see how he came back. You see how he came back. So, we've been given a bad hand. But we're going to take that bad hand and it'll all be good.
In addition to that, we're going to start taking care of our country.  The people are the rulers of this country once again. One by one we are keeping the promises we made to the people of Iowa and the people all over our country. We are not going to let the same failed and tired voices in Washington keep us from delivering the change you voted for and the change that you deserve, that you deserve. 
I do not answer to any donors or financial contributors. I don't care about them.  I am not beholden to any consultants or any of the very powerful special interests. I don't care about them. I have to do what's right. And if they're right, that's good.  We will never be intimidated by the dishonest media corporations who will say anything and do anything  to get people to watch their screens or to get people to buy their failing papers.  They are failing.
These entrenched forces are fighting only for themselves, and in many cases for their survival. But I'm fighting for you. I'm fighting for you.  Fighting for your hopes because your hopes are my hopes. I've had a great time in this country. I've had a great run. And it was time to do something. We all saw what was happening. It was time to do something.
Your dreams are my dreams. And your future is what I'm focused on each and every day. We're going to make America great again. Believe me. We're going to make America great again.  Here are just some of the historic accomplishments we've achieved in just a very short period of time. And I have to just preface it by saying  Thank you, darling.
I have to preface it by saying -- you know, I've been watching. They're saying, President Trump has not produced health care. You know, I've been there for five months.  If you remember during the Clinton period, they worked for years and years and years. They never got health care. Obama...  Although after listening to their testimony I fully understand. But President Obama, his whole administration pushing, pushing for Obamacare, which has now failed.
In fact, I was just told by your great governor and ex-governor that your insurance companies have all fled the state of Iowa. Pretty sad, isn't it? Well, they're -- I'll tell you what, they're going from every state. They're leaving all of the states.
Obamacare is a disaster. It's over. And there's nothing to compare what we're doing. I think, I hope -- I hope the Republican Senate -- if we went and got the single greatest health care plan in the history of the world, we would not get one Democrat vote because they're obstructionists. They're obstructionists. 
We wouldn't get one Democrat...  If we came to you and said here's your plan. You're going to have the greatest plan in history and you're going to pay nothing, they'd vote against it, folks. 
Every, single vote. So, we have a very slim 52 to 48. That means we basically can't lose anybody. And I think and I hope, can't guarantee anything, but I hope we're going to surprise you with a really good plan.
You know, I've been talking about a plan with heart. I said, add some money to it, a plan with heart. But Obamacare is dead. But it is interesting how they say, Donald Trump is not producing health care, not producing. So, we've produced so much -- I don't think any president, it could be somebody, I have to be a little careful because they'll say, he lied.  So, few presidents, few -- just have to be a little careful because they'll say, headline: Donald Trump lies to the people of Iowa.
I don't want...  But very few have done what we've done when you look at the regulations, when you look at all of -- you know, they were saying, but he didn't pass legislative bills. I think it's 38. And we're going to be talking about them, 38. And if you listen to them...  Thirty-eight. But, but, but...  And some of them are really big, having to do with regulation, having to do with lots of different things.
But, we're working really hard on massive tax cuts. It would be, if I get it the way I want it, the largest tax cut in the history of the United States of America.  Because... right now, we are one of the highest taxed nations in the world. Really on a large-scale basis, we are the highest tax nation in the world. And we're going to get it down really low, OK? Really -- I don't say the lowest because there are a couple that are really down there. But that doesn't mean you want to be there.
But we're going to have one of the lowest taxes from the highest tax. And we're working hard on it. And I think it's going to happen. And I tell you, I think health care's going to happen. And infrastructure's going to happen. You're going to have a lot of exciting things over the next few months. And I look forward to being able to produce it. Let's see what happens.  And...  And by the way, if we had even a little Democrat support, just a little like a couple of votes, you'd have everything.
And you could give us a lot of votes and we'd even be willing to change it and move it around and try and make it even better. It's going to have good heart, but even better. But again, they just want to stop. They just want to obstruct. A few votes...  Seriously. A few votes from the Democrats, it could be so easy and so beautiful and you'd have cooperation.
And their plan isn't working because they thought they were going to win last night in Atlanta. They thought they were going to win.  And they've been unbelievably nasty, really nasty. And they thought -- they spent close to $30 million on this kid who forgot to live in the community that he was in.
I mean, you know.  Look, I'll tell you about the Democrats. I am making it a little bit hard to get their support, but who cares?  I'll tell you about the Democrats. They raised a fortune for him. They fought like hell. They said they were going to win. All of the television networks, other than Fox, which really has treated us fairly, by the way. 
They have.  But they built these studios, CNN...  Hey. Their camera just went off. I can't imagine.  It's covered live. Their camera just went off. I can't imagine why.
This phony -- this phony NBC television network.  They actually had one of the people say, you know, it was a little rainy last night. Maybe that was the difference in Karen's race. Can you believe that?
But, but they had these beautiful studios. And if Karen Handel had lost, they would've blamed it on me, which is fine. But if she had lost, they would've been there for weeks talking about this. This would've been the greatest defeat in the history of American politics.
When she won, when they said projected winner is Karen Handel. Then they said, we switch to another program. Right? So...  It was so short. They couldn't get out of there fast enough.
And don't forget, this happened in Montana. Right? In Kansas...  Last night South Carolina with Ralph, who was expected to win and he won. California. So. But it's been -- it's been incredible.
So, we're 5 and 0. We're 5 and 0. And...  And they thought they were going to win at least like three, right, wouldn't you say? At least three. And it would be a devastating defeat.
The truth us, people love us, all of us. They love us.  They don't get it. They haven't figured it out yet. You know, they're still trying to figure where all of those voters came from. Those voters came out of the hills. They came -- these are hardworking -- we have the hardest working, the smartest people, the toughest people.
They're very lucky that our people don't protest, believe me. Believe me.  They're very lucky.  We have them. We have the smart ones. We have the toughest ones. Great, great Americans.
And Hillary said the deplorables. These are just the opposite, believe me, of the deplorables. These are just the opposite.  We have a group, Bikers for Trump. You ever seen? They come by the thousands. Oh.  Oh. My man. Look. How are you?
We have the -- I didn't know you were here. They're here. Now we know we're protected. That's great. Good to have you, man. These are great people. And when I see them, I say, now we're safe. And they like Trump. And I guess we're well into the 90s. What do you think? The 90s, 95s. But we love our people. And they love us. And more importantly, they love our policy. They love what we're doing.
You see what we're doing. You see what we've already done. Homebuilders are starting to build again. We're not confiscating their land with ridiculous rules and regulations that don't make sense. Farmers are able to plow their field.  If they have a puddle in the middle of their field, a little puddle the size of this, it's considered a lake and you can't touch it.
And if you touch it, bad, bad things happen to you and your family. We got rid of that one too, OK?  Unemployment is at a 16-year low. And manufacturing is doing phenomenally. And we have companies moving back.
They're coming back, back, back.  You know, in the state of Michigan, which has just been like an exit pool where car companies have left. I told them, you know what, you want to start leaving, you want to fire all these people? You watch what we're going to be doing. You watch what we're going to be doing. Not going to be too long.
We have the legendary Wall Street genius Wilbur Ross here. He's our secretary of Commerce.  We have Gary Cohn who's the president of Goldman Sachs. That's somebody. He's the president of Goldman Sachs. He had to pay over $200 million in taxes to take the job, right? So, somebody said, why did you appoint a rich person to be in charge of the economy? 
I said -- no, it's true. And Wilbur's a very rich person in charge of Commerce. I said, because that's the kind of thinking we want. I mean, you know, really. Because they're representing the country. They don't want the money. They're representing the country.  And they had to give up a lot to take these jobs. They gave up a lot.
When you get the president, this is the president of Goldman Sachs, smart. Having him represent us. He went from massive pay days to peanuts, to little, tiny -- I'm waiting for them to accuse him of wanting that little amount of money. They wanted that.
But these are people that are great, brilliant business minds. And that's what we need. That's what we have to have so the world doesn't take advantage of us.  We can't have the world taking advantage of us anymore.  And I love all people, rich or poor. But in those particular positions, I just don't want a poor person. Does that make sense? Does that make sense? If you insist, I'll do it. But I like it better this way, right?
So, we've achieved a historic increase in defense spending. And we've created a new Office of Accountability at the V.A., our veterans, to ensure that our veterans...  ... get the care that they so richly deserve, our veterans. We've eliminated restrictions on the production of American energy. They wanted to take away our wealth. The world wanted to take away our wealth.
We happened to be lucky. Under our feet we have great wealth. Not only in the form of your kind of wealth, which is beautiful, fertile soil, but also in other locations in the form of energy. They wanted to take that power and that wealth away from us.
And we've ended the war on clean, beautiful coal. And we're putting our miners back to work.  In fact, you read about it, last week a brand, new coal mine just opened in the state of Pennsylvania, first time in decades, decades.  We've reversed...  And 33,000 mining jobs have been added since my inauguration. 
And again, we're going to have all forms of energy. But coal is something we have a tremendous advantage at. But we're going to have all, whether it's natural gas, whether it's alternative sources. We're going to have everything.
But a power, it's called, it's a power for our electric different plants and for our furnaces. It's a power. We use electric. We use wind. We use solar. We use coal. We use natural gas. We will use nuclear if the right opportunity presents itself.
We're going to be strong for the future. We're going to be strong for the future. I don't want to just hope the wind blows to light up your homes and your factory.  As the birds fall to the ground.  But I like all of them. And that's what we need.
And by the way, we're saving your ethanol industries in the state of Iowa, just like I promised I would do in my campaign.  And believe me, they are under siege, folks. I don't know if you know it, but they are under siege. We've approved, first day, the Keystone XL Pipeline and the Dakota Access Pipeline. First thing. Day one.  Thirty-eight thousand jobs. And better for the environment, by the way, better. Underground. Better for the environment. And safer.
Can you imagine the executive for Keystone, who a year-and-a-half ago was told it's dead? And they had billions invested. They bought half of the pipe. And somebody walks into his office, probably a consultant that charged him tens of millions of dollars. Sir, the pipeline was just approved.
Now, you know what he's going to do. He said, I did a great job, sir. I'm entitled to millions of dollars in consulting fees. It was just Trump approving the pipeline. We approved it. We approved it. It's good for the country.  My man.
And by the way, speaking of that, when I'm signing for the XL Pipeline and the Dakota, I said, by the way, who made the pipe? You don't want to know.  Donald Trump
Now, in all fairness to them, they bought a lot of their pipe already. So, it's a little hard to say throw that away, we're giving you, you know. But I put a little clause, handwritten. It said, anybody builds a pipeline in the United States will use American steel and fabricate in America.  No more taking it over on boats.  Very simple. 
We signed 39 pieces of legislation. That means going through Congress, folks. Because you know they tell you, these guys, the fake news. They tell you...  It's fake news, fake.  Not all of it. Some of it's good. And some of the people are great, actually. But some are real bad and they're really fake.
But if you listen to them, we didn't pass any -- we passed 39 -- I'm not talking about executive orders, which we've signed a lot. I mean, we have really signed a lot. And we've gotten rid of a lot of really bad pieces that were signed by President Obama, believe me.  But, if you listen to the fake news, they say like, he didn't pass any legislation. Everything's -- that's wrong. Thirty-nine pieces as of today, some of them very important.
Now, my biggest pieces are yet to come. Hopefully taxes. Hopefully health care. Hopefully infrastructure. And when they come, that won't be good enough either. See who it was.  But we've also done a record number of resolutions to eliminate the job-killing regulations on our workers, our companies and our farmers. They're gone. They're gone.  We are ending the federal intrusion into your family farms and your ranches. 
And we're also working very, very hard to get rid of the death tax so that you can pass your farms onto your children and onto your grandchildren.  I don't know if we're going to pull that one off, but we're working very hard to do it. Right, Chris?  This way you can pass your motorcycle on, OK. Forget about the farm. That's not so bad either. I've seen what you -- what you ride. Not so bad.
But we're working on -- I don't know if that one's going to get pulled off, but it should because you should have a right. Why should you be double taxed? You should have a right to pass your farm onto your children and onto your grandchildren. You should have that right.  Without having them... 
Without having them going out and borrowing a fortune, not being able to make payments, losing it to the banks. It's not fair. So, we're working hard. Let's see if we pull it off. We're going to try very hard, I can tell you.
I don't know, but we're going to try.  No longer will the EPA be telling you how to run your business or do your job or live your life. Instead, it will focus on its true mission, clean air and clean, beautiful, crystal water. Nice, beautiful, clean water. That's what we want, right? Right?  We're also ending the last administration's federal land grab. We believe states, communities and private land owners know best how to manage their own resources. We've made a lot of progress in that, Ryan Zinke.
We want to see local control. That also means we're not going to let foreign bureaucrats plan our economy or tell Americans how to run their country.  You know what I mean.  When I campaigned for president, I promised to renegotiate or to leave any deal which fails to serve America's interests. And I'm not going to allow other countries to take advantage of the United States any longer.
And for that reason...  ... I totally cut off negotiations. I will not do our great, what is it? TPP? Yes? You guys weren't listening about it huh?  But for that reason -- and that too.
As you know, I formally announced that the United States will withdraw from the disastrous Paris Climate Accord...  It's a disaster. It's a disaster.  And by the way, Trans-Pacific Partnership, we don't even talk about it anymore because that was done early. But Trans-Pacific Partnership, bye-bye. That was another NAFTA catastrophe that we're going to, by the way, renegotiate.
You know I announced I'm going to get rid of NAFTA. And I've always told you -- or either renegotiate or terminate NAFTA. So, I announced that essentially I was going to terminate. But I got a very, very nice call from Prime Minister Trudeau of Canada...  From the president...  ... a good guy, of Mexico asking me not to terminate it, could we negotiate? And I'm always willing to negotiate. 
I'm always willing. So, we'll see.  We'll see how it ends.  But it's been very unfair to the United States. All you have to do is look at all the empty buildings, all the empty plants and factories all over the country. NAFTA has been a disaster. So, we're going to either renegotiate it successfully, which would be my first choice. Or we're going to terminate it and that's going to be that. 
Now, the Paris Agreement, and it's amazing how the people of this country get it because the press covers it so unfairly. The Paris Agreement would've cost America millions of lost jobs and billions and billions of lost dollars, and put us at a permanent economic disadvantage. China doesn't kick in until 2030.
I could tell you stories. I could give you stats. I could go on all day. It's a catastrophe if we would've agreed. And they all say it's nonbinding. Like hell it's nonbinding. When we get sued by everybody because we thought it was nonbinding, then you can tell me it was nonbinding.
I was elected to serve the citizens of Iowa and Pennsylvania and Ohio and Michigan...  ... and Wisconsin and Florida and all 50 states and all 320 million American citizens.  By the way, this is a big place. This place.
And you know, I used to say during the campaign, I'm sure it hasn't changed. But we're not even campaigning and look at this crowd. So, you know it's easier during a campaign. The place is packed with thousands of people trying to get in. Look at the size of this place. They'll never show the crowd.  They'll never show the crowd. They'll never show the crowd.
That's the only good thing about the protesters, which we don't have very much of. I mean, this guy's blowing a whistle, you know.  He's the Bernie Sanders guy.  But, but we don't have -- but when we do have one, the only good thing is the cameras have to go, and they have to go sometimes up into the little corners way up in that arena. Every seat is packed. Look at that.  Every seat. Every corner is packed of this big, big arena. So, it's an honor.
Wouldn't it be great if they showed -- you know, it's funny, I go home and my wife would say, Melania, who, by the way, has become very popular.  They're liking her. They're liking her.  But she'd say, I never saw the crowd, but it sounded like a lot of people. You know, you could tell. You can't imitate the sound of this many people. This is not like 500 people. This is big stuff. You can't imitate that. You know what they don't understand? They get these massive ratings. I hate to give it.
They probably charge a -- I know they charge a fortune. But all those television cameras, all those live ones. And I hate to do this, but they get even better ratings if they show that. And I try and convince them, but that they can't do. They just can't mentally handle that one, so it's whatever.  But it is, it's such a great crowd. So, to all of those people watching, it's an unbelievable place.
It is a big, beautiful arena and it is packed.  So, as you may know, there is another absolutely terrible deal from the previous administration. See how nice I am? I say the previous administration as opposed to the Obama administration.  That I have recently rescinded. Last week I announced that we are canceling the prior administration's completely one-sided deal with the Castro regime in Cuba. 
Isn't it amazing? Obama can deal with Cuba, kills thousands of people, people in prison, horrible to women, horrible to every -- can deal with Iran. You talk about bad? The gays, the women, the -- bad to everybody, kill, brutal. I deal with anybody, but Donald Trump is a terrible human being. It's unbelievable isn't it? Isn't it unbelievable?  It's unbelievable.
But America will stand strong against Communist oppression. We will make a much better deal. I mean, the fact is the deal with Cuba's a bad deal. We'll probably make a deal. Or maybe we won't. Maybe we won't. But you know what? If we make a deal, it's going to be a fair deal and a good deal for us. It's not going to be a one-sided giveaway.  We're also fighting every single day to achieve those fair trade deals for American factories, and your farmers and your ranches.
Heading up our effort to represent America's interest in China will be a man you know very well. I just left an event where I honored him, introduced him to a crowd of people that adore him. To discuss how to create -- I mean, he's been doing this for years in Iowa. He's the longest serving governor in American history. And now he carries the title of Ambassador to China, Terry Branstad.  He's a fantastic guy.
You know I told the story today. I said, I come here to make a speech. We have a big crowd in Iowa. And Terry would come and say -- at that time he didn't call me Mr. President. He called me Donald. I said, that's OK. I didn't think about. Now if he called me Donald I'd be very angry with him, right?  But he said, Donald, could you do me a favor?
Don't say anything bad about China. We do a lot of business with China. I like China a lot. I've known President Xi for a long time. I really like him. And he also, by the way, likes Terry a lot. And just please don't say anything bad about China. Which is hard for me to do.  And I wouldn't.
But then when I won and were looking for somebody to represent us with China, which is a very, very powerful country, and we've had a very good relationship with China, in all fairness, and I do like President Xi. I wish we would have a little more help with respect to North Korea from China, but that doesn't seem to be working out.  But I do like the president a lot.
So, when I was thinking of who am I going to make the ambassador to China, after you know, having a good, retentive mind. I said you know I remember about a year ago when Terry Branstad was saying all of these great things, your governor.
So, I called him up and I said listen, you've been doing this for 24 years. You want to do something else? Like how would you like to be ambassador to China? And I didn't think he'd really do it.  It's a long trip. Twenty-one hours? That's a lot of plane time.
But he wants to do what's right for the country. And I said to him tonight, I said, I wasn't sure you were going to do it. He said, when my president calls me to help him with our great country, I do it. That's what he said to me. I thought it was nice.  Thought it was nice. Right? 
So, central to that economic agenda is a plan to restore America's crumbling infrastructure. We will rebuild not only America, but we will rebuild rural America.  In this great national rebuilding, we will follow two simple rules.
We will buy American and we will hire American.  We want to get our people off of welfare and back to work.  We also want to preserve our safety net for struggling Americans who truly need help. We want to help them, people who truly need help, right, Chris? We want to help those people.  But others don't treat us fairly.
That's why I believe the time has come for new immigration rules which say that those seeking admission into our country must be able to support themselves financially and should not use welfare for a period of at least five years.  And we'll be putting in legislation to that effect very shortly.
Another core principle is that those coming to our country must embrace our values and love our people.  And yes, we will build the wall. We've already started planning. It will be built.  We will build the wall. We need it. We need it. We have to stop the drugs from flowing in.
You know, people don't realize, we're already spending a lot of money on design. But I'll give you an idea that nobody has heard about yet. And I'm not sure, but I'm a builder. That's what I love to do. That's probably what I do best. I'm a builder.
And we're thinking of something that's unique. We're talking about the southern border, lots of sun, lots of heat. We're thinking about building the wall as a solar wall so it creates energy and pays for itself.  And this way, Mexico will have to pay much less money. And that's good, right? Is that good.  You're the first group I've told that to, a solar wall. Makes sense. Let's see. We're working it out. We'll see. Solar wall, panels, beautiful.
I mean actually think of it. The higher it goes, the more valuable it is. It's like...  Pretty good imagination, right? Good? My idea. So, we have a good shot.
That's one of the places that solar really does work, the tremendous sun and heat. It really does work there. So, we'll see what happens with that. That would be great. And I think we could make it look beautiful too. It would really look beautiful. So, that would be nice.
We're also working night and day to restore law and order to our country, law and order.  You know that.  We're reversing the last administration's soft on crime policies that helped enable a tragic rise in violent crime. You see what's happening. Look at Chicago. What the hell is going on in Chicago? What's that all about?
We have also issued new directives to protect our police officers and our sheriffs.  And we'll always stand with the incredible men and women of law enforcement.  All American children, no matter where they live, have the right to grow up in a safe community. No issue is more central to public safety than the issue of immigration and border security.
After years of lawlessness, the United States is now enforcing our laws, first time in a long time. And protecting our workers, our schools and our families. Since I was elected, illegal border crossings, and this is without the wall.
Before the wall, have decreased by more than 75 percent, a historic and unprecedented achievement.  So, we're building the wall on the southern border. We've got the greatest security people in the world. I'll tell you, ICE and the Border Patrol folks, these are incredible people.
You know they endorsed me when I ran for president, knowing that if I win they're going to have to work much, much harder. But they love this country, and they want the job done, and they want the job done right. They have to work harder and it's much more dangerous.
The other thing that I have to tell you. You have a gang called MS-13.  A friend of mine who's a very, very high-level police officer said to me in describing them, they are the equivalent or worse than al-Qaeda. I would say that's a bad statement.
They don't like to shoot people. They like to cut people. They do things that nobody can believe. These are true animals. We are moving them out of the country by the thousands, by the thousands.  And the people moving them out are guess what, a hell of a lot tougher and meaner than they are. But they're on our side.  We're getting them out, MS-13.
During my campaign for president, I met with the families of Americans killed by illegal immigrants, many, many families. Including the parents of Sarah Root, a 21-year-old Iowa girl who was killed the day after she graduated from college with a 4.0 GPA.
Do you know what that is? To those of you who don't know, that means solid A's straight across, number one student. Thousands of beautiful American lives like Sarah's have been stolen for the simple reason that our government has refused to enforce already existing laws. The media, these people, like to talk about...  ... separating families.
But the families they never talk about are the American families separated forever from the ones they love because we don't protect our borders and uphold the immigration laws of the United States.  These families and the victims have been ignored totally by the media. They were ignored by the consultants. They've been ignored by Washington.
But these Americans were not ignored by me or by you, and we know who they are.  And they rise now to the highest level. They rise to the highest level. I promise those families the deaths of their loved ones will not have been in vain, and that we will take strong and forceful action to fulfill our sacred duty to save and protect American lives.  Every single day we are finding these gang members, these drug dealers, thieves, robbers, predators, criminals, killers, horrible killers, and we are throwing them the hell out of our country. 
And when they're gone, our now very strong borders, especially with the wall, will never allow them back in.  So, we're doing a lot of things. We're very proud of what we've done. Just as Gorsuch was a big, big deal. Big deal.  Somebody explained it to be beautifully. They said, when you pick a Supreme Court judge, you want great intellect, you want all of the things. But you also want youth because they'll be there for 40 years.
So, if Judge Gorsuch, who I've gotten to know, who I think is a fantastic human being, aside from being a brilliant, brilliant student and person, and one of the great legal writers that exists in our country, probably in the world, today.
Every time you see a decision written over the next 30 or 40 years, and especially if it's a 5 to 4 decision, like perhaps on Second Amendment or so many other things, you have done something that you can't value. It's so important.
Think of it. For a 30- to 40-year period, potentially, you've influenced this country. And I've always heard long that just about the most important thing you can do. I always say defense. But perhaps outside, because we are going to have a strong military and strong defense and we need it now.  But I've always heard that the most important thing a president can do is pick a great Supreme Court justice.
So, I've got one. Probably have some more. But it is really important. And think of that. Over years and years those decisions that are so important, values, great values.
So, I'm very, very proud of that pick. He's already been there now for almost two months. And people are saying wow, that is a tremendous person and a tremendous intellect. So, we're all very proud of that pick. And you made it possible.  So, I began this campaign on June 16th, a couple of days ago two years. It's my birthday on June 14th, Flag Day of all things.
And we came down the escalator, that famous escalator ride. Melania, myself. And the place went nuts. And hopefully because they like me, but I think also they like the policies. I said the truth.
I talked about immigration. I talked about what was happening on the borders. I talked about our military. I talked about the drug problems which are tremendous. Even in Iowa, tremendous problems beyond anything we've ever seen before. I talked about all of it.
And you know what? We were never off center stage in the debates. We stayed -- you know what that means. We were number one all the way through, all the way through. We were number one all the way through because of people like you. Never off center.  Seventeen people running. I kept looking up and down. I said, boy that's a lot of people.
Some of them very talented. But 17 people running. We were never off center stage in those debates. And that's because of people like yourselves because you agree with me. And we are making such incredible progress. We are making progress like nobody can believe. These people are being driven crazy, crazy.  I mean, they have phony witch hunts going against me. They have everything going. And you know what? All we do is win, win, win. We won last night. They can't believe it. They're saying what is going on? What is going on? 
We won last night. And even the worst of them said, that was a big win for Trump. I couldn't believe it actually. Thank you very much, folks. I appreciate it. But we have made a journey together like no other ever in the history of this country. And maybe beyond that. But you look in the history of this country, there's never been anything like this that's happened. We're straightening out through common sense and through a good heart, we're straightening out our country. We're straightening out our country. 
No matter our beliefs, no matter our party, it's time for us to remember that we are all Americans and that we are in this together. And it would be great if the Republicans and the Democrats could come together and get really, really great legislation passed.  Some of the geniuses were saying this morning, you know, from the time he announced on June 16th two years ago, they've been hitting the hell out of him.
Hillary took almost all negative ads. The problem was, when people went to vote, they didn't know what she stood for other than she was saying bad things about me. And I almost became like...  So, from the time I announced, I've been hit, hit, hit. Then from the time I got in, I said oh, this is going to be great. Finally, we can all come together.
They hit me harder, harder, harder. They've now learned, I think, that that doesn't work.  Five and 0. Five and 0. It doesn't work.  They need to be positive. They can't continue to be obstructionists. That's all they have going.
So, they should come together. I don't think they will. But I will tell you, it will be a beautiful, beautiful thing if we could get together as two parties that love our country and come up with that great health care, and come up with that great tax deal for our people and tax reform. And infrastructure and so many other great things. 
Just think about what a unified American nation could achieve. Nobody could even come close to us. And by the way, even if we're not totally unified, nobody's coming close to us here. Don't worry about it. Gleaming new roads and bridges that would inspire awe and wonder all over the world. You know, we used to be the leader in airports. We had the most beautiful airports.
Now we're more like a third world country. LaGuardia, Newark, LAX, Kennedy. They're like third-world airports. Take a look. Take a look. We used to be the leader. Now you go to Saudi Arabia, where I just came back. A monumental, epic trip because I said you cannot continue to fund terrorism. You cannot continue to fund terrorism.  And the king of Saudi Arabia, who is really become just he's a very special man.
I mean that. He has taken it to heart. And now they're fighting with other countries that have been funding terrorism. And I think we had a huge impact. We will see. But I think we had a tremendous impact.
We cannot let these incredibly rich nations fund radical Islamic terror or terrorism of any kind. We cannot let it happen. Cannot let it happen.  It was one of the great two days of my life. And I'm sure a lot of you watched it on television. Fifty-four Muslim nations coming together, some immensely powerful, wealthy nations, and every  was unified and  weren't they're trying to get them to be unified and to do the right thing. I think it could have a tremendous impact.
But not only that, I said for me to go I'm only going, we had to negotiate, if you spend billions of dollars, billions, on having things manufactured in our country with our jobs and our workers for your country. And hundreds of billions of dollars was spent and given to American companies who are going to make American products and send those products over to the wealthy countries of the Middle East.
I mean hundreds of billions of dollars.  And people haven't talked about that. But to me that was very important because we want those jobs. We want those jobs. So, they're making  sorts of things. Hundreds of billions of dollars. And it's going back. And I'm very proud of that. That's something people don't talk about because the real purpose of my being there was to make sure these countries do not fund terror any longer.  So, I just want to leave Iowa. I said that I'd come back. Oh, I love that you're not -- look. Look at that.
You know I'm going to leave. I don't want to leave either. I don't want to leave either. I don't want to leave either. But I said I would come back. And I made lots of statements to your governor and to your current governor. Kim is going to be a fantastic governor. She's here.  She's going to be a fantastic governor.
But I said that I was going to come back. I said that I was going to protect your ethanol, for good reason. Only for good reason. And it was a very important to me. I said that I was going to do things for the people of Iowa. And I want to let you know, I've done it for the people of Iowa, but I've really done it for the people of our country.
Our country is getting stronger, it's getting better. We're going to be setting records in so many different ways. We're going to straighten out all of the mess that's happened over the last long period of time where we went into other nations to tell them how to run their country, and we had no idea.
But I just want to thank all of the people that are here tonight. I want to thank the people of Iowa. You are incredible people. I want to thank you for your incredible support.  And I just want to let you know that God blesses you. And I want to just say you are special in every way. God bless you and God bless America. Thank you very much.  Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. It is truly great to be back in the wonderful, beautiful state of Pennsylvania.  I love this state, and I love the people of this state. It is special, and it carried us to a big, beautiful victory on November 8.  I want to recognize some of our friends that have helped us so much. Congressman Scott Parent, GT Thompson, a couple of my originals, Mike Kelly, who I watched on television.
He was great. Where is Mike Kelly? Where is he? Boy, were you great on television this morning. And of course, one of our other originals, Congressman Tom Marino. Right?  Thank you, thank you. As you may know, there is another big gathering taking place tonight in Washington DC. Did you hear about it?  A large group of Hollywood actors --  -- and Washington media --  -- are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom in the nation's capital right now.
They are gathered together for the White House Correspondent's Dinner -- without the President.  And I could not possibly be more thrilled that to be more than 100 miles away from Washington's swamp, spending my evening with all of you, and with a much, much larger crowd and much better people. Right? ...
And look at the media back there. They would actually rather be here, I have to tell you.  That's right.
Media outlets like CNN and MSNBC are fake news. Fake news.  And they are sitting -- and they are wishing -- in Washington. They are watching right now, they are watching, and they would love to be with us right here tonight.  but they are trapped at the dinner, which will be very, very boring. But next year, maybe we will make it more exciting for them in Washington and we'll show up. But we have a good chance of showing up here again next year, too. 
The truth is, there is no place I would rather be than right here in Pennsylvania to celebrate.  -- our 100-day milestone, to reflect on an incredible journey together, and to get ready for the great, great battles to come, and that we will win and every case. Ok? We will win. 
Because make no mistake, we are just beginning in our fight to make America great again.  Now before we talk about my first 100 days, which has been very exciting and very productive, let's rate the media's 100 days. Should we do that? Should we do it? 
Because as you know, they are a disgrace. According to a Morning Consult call, more than half of Americans say the media is out of touch with everyday Americans. They've proven that.  According to Media Research Center, 89% of the media's coverage of our administration has been negative and purposefully negative, and perhaps --  -- that's because according to the Center for Public Integrity, 96% of journalists who gave donations gave them to our opponent. And does anyone were member who our opponent was?
That was some opponent. Finally, according to a poll last year from the Associated Press, only 6% of Americans have a lot of confidence in America. That is very bad. That is much lower than Congress, by the way. But I will give you an example of something really incredible.  That's right. Get them out of here. Get them out.  ...
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.  Do we love our law enforcement or what?  And I want to thank the fire marshals. They have a lot of people standing outside. We really maxed out. We broke the all-time record for this arena. How old is this arena? We broke the all-time record. I don't have a guitar, which is pretty tough. So, ust as an example of media, take the totally failing New York Times. 
Pretty soon they will only be on the internet. The paper is getting smaller and smaller. Do you ever notice? It is starting to look like a comic book. It's getting... But I will tell you, because I watched, and I used to be in the real estate business, they sold their beautiful New York Times building in Manhattan, a cathedral to journalism. Such a beautiful, beautiful building. For around $130 million, and the group that bought it later sold it for approximately $500 million.
Now they live in a very ugly office building in a crummy location. Next, they buy The Boston Globe newspaper, with lawsuits ,for $1.3 billion and invest millions and millions of dollars to get it going. In the end, they sell it for zero. They give it away. And then they write nasty editorials and op-ed telling me how I should be handling world events.  But that is what we have. They are incompetent, dishonest people who after the election, had to apologize because they covered it, us me, so badly that they felt they were forced to apologize because their predictions were so bad.
Do you are member their prediction? -- Do you remember their production? They lost a lot of people because of the way they covered. So here's the story. If the media's job is to be honest and tell the truth, then I think we would all agree the media deserves a very, very big, fat, failing grade.  Very dishonest people. And not all of them. You we call it the fake news. Now -- we call it the fake news. Now everybody is using the word fake news.
Where did you hear it, folks? By contrast, for the last 100 days, my administration has been delivering every single day for the great citizens of our country, whether it is putting our coal miners back to work, protecting America's steel and aluminum workers -- we love that steel and aluminum -- or eliminating job killing regulations, we are keeping one promise after another, and frankly, the people are really happy about it.
They see what is happening.  But to understand the historic progress we have made, we must speak honestly about the situation that we and I inherited because, believe me, the previous administration gave us a mess.  For decades, our country has lived through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. You people know it better than anybody in Pennsylvania. Our factories were shuttered. Our steel mills close down, and our jobs were stolen away and shipped far away to other countries, some of which you have never even heard of.
Politicians send troops to protect the borders of foreign nations, but left America's borders wide open for all to violate.  We have spent billions and billions of dollars on one global project after another, and yet, as gangs flooded into our country, we couldn't even provide safety for our own people. Our government rushed to join international agreements where the United States pays the cost and bears the burden while other countries get the benefits and pay nothing. 
This includes deals like the one-sided Paris Climate Accord. Where the United States pays billions of dollars while China, Russia, and India have contributed and will contribute nothing.  Does that remind you of the Iran deal? How about that beauty? On top of that, it is estimated that full compliance with the agreement could ultimately shrink America's GDP by $2.5 trillion over a 10-year period. That means factories and plants closing all over our country.
Here we go again. Not was me, folks.  Those are the facts, whether we like them or not. The dishonest media won't print them, won't report them because the Washington media is part of the problem. Their priorities are not my priorities, and they are not your priorities, believe me.  Their agenda is not your agenda. I will be making a big decision on the Paris Accord over the next two weeks. 
And we will see what happens. But they are all part of a broken system that has profited from this global theft and plunder of American wealth at the expense of the American worker. We are not going to let other countries take advantage of us anymore because, from now on, it is going to be America first.  and I have to -- ...
And I have to just interject because, as you know, I have been a big critic of China. And I have been talking about currency manipulation for a long time. But I have to tell you, during the election, number one, they stopped. But more importantly, just to show you the dishonesty -- we have currency manipulation by China -- but China is helping us possibly or probably with the North Korean situation. Ok? It's a great thing.  and I met with the President of China at great length in Florida. We had long, long talks. Hours and hours and hours. He's a good man.
He's representing China, not us, but he's a good man. And I believe he wants to get that situation taken care of. They have tremendous power, and we will see what happens. But the media said Donald Trump refuses to name China a currency manipulator. Think of this. We have to have a little flexibility. So I meet with the President of China and say, could you help us out with North Korea? You give them 93% of their different materials they need in their food.
You have a lot of power. We have a great relationship. Then the media says, why didn't he call Donald Trump, and why did Donald Trump in the meeting say you are a currency manipulator? So here's the story. Listen, Mr. President, will you help us out with North Korea? But by the way, you are manipulating your currency. It doesn't work, right? So, So...  You understand. So instead of saying that, let's see what happens. I honestly believe he is trying very hard. Not an easy situation for China, believe me.
Not an easy situation. But we have somebody there who is causing a lot of trouble for the world. We have China, who is really trying to help. As you have seen, they have set back vast amounts of coal coming to North Korea. So let's see what happens. I think it is not exactly the right time to call China a currency manipulator right now. Do we agree with that?  But they never say that. So I promise you in my inaugural address 100 days ago that now arrives the hour of action. And believe me, we've started from day one, that is what we have delivered. 100 days of action. Those people and others are exhausted. They've never seen anything like that.
They've never seen anything like this.  We are ending the off-shoring and bringing back our beautiful, wonderful, great American jobs.  We are eradicated the criminal gangs and cartels that have infiltrated our country. You are reading about them all the time. Some of you have big problems with them. Thank you for that sign, Blacks for Trump. I love that guy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, man. That is great. That is really cool. I appreciate it.
And we are taking steps to renegotiate or cancel any agreement that fails to protect American interests. Here are just some of our great achievements from the first 100 days. And I will tell you, in addition to that, we have built such a strong foundations with the leaders of foreign countries, and we are set to rock. But we have great relationships with Germany and Japan and China and so many others The U.K. -- such great relationships. That is part of the process.
We have appointed and confirmed a brand-new justice of the United States Supreme Court.  Justice Neil Gorsuch, who will uphold the constitution and the right of Americans to govern their own affairs, and the last time a new Supreme Court Justice was confirmed in the first 100 days was 136 years ago in 1881, and I was devastated to hear that because I thought I would be the only one to have done that.  It was a long time ago.
To protect our jobs and economic freedom, I immediately withdrew the United States from the horrible, disastrous, would have been another NAFTA, but worse, Trans-Pacific Partnership.  That would have taken your jobs in Pennsylvania, that I can tell you. That was a total hoax. The TPP what have been a tremendous disaster for our country, and we are not going to surrender Pennsylvania jobs ever again. We have done that once before. It is not going to happen.  we have just launched an investigation into foreign steel dumping and aluminum dumping throughout our country.
We are reviewing every single trade deal, and wherever there is sheeting, we would take immediate action, and there will be penalty.  And we have with us tonight Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross, and one of the great, great people on fair trade and good trade, Mr. Peter Navarro. Thank you. Thank you.  And we will renegotiate NAFTA, and if we don't get a good deal and a fair deal for our country -- and I have been saying for a long time we will either renegotiate or terminate -- I announced the other day we were going to terminate, everybody said we would terminate -- two people I like very much, the President of Mexico and Prime Minister of Canada, called up and said, can we negotiate? I said yes, we can renegotiate.
So we will start a renegotiation, and hopefully it will be fair for everybody. And if it is not a fair deal for our country -- because you have to understand, we have been on the wrong side of the NAFTA deal with Canada and Mexico for many, many years. Many decades. We can't allow it to happen. So we are going to renegotiate, and if we can't make a fair deal for companies and workers, we will terminate NAFTA. Ok? 
Our directives will let brand-new Pennsylvania steel into the spine of America.  We've ordered billions and billions of dollars in unpaid duties to be collected at the border from countries that break the rules, and that just started. It is going to be a lot coming in.  We just want fairness, and I followed through on my promise and issued a new government directives to buy American and hire American.  In just these first few months, we have created 99,000 new construction jobs, 49,000 new manufacturing jobs, and 27,000 new mining jobs. Who are the miners here? Finally we are taking care of our miners. We love our miners.
And we have over 600,000 new jobs. And by the way, the stock market since our election --  -- is through the roof. I believe from the point of the election -- isn't it too bad that the Obama administration gets a lot of credit for those few months? But it's all right.  They get credit with -- get credit for it. We have an all-time record for the biggest increase in the stock market. So I am very happy about that.  We have removed the shackles on energy exploration imposed by the last administration, lifting the restrictions on the production of oil, shale, and natural gas.
And very importantly for Pennsylvania, we have ended the war on beautiful, clean coal, and we are putting our coal miners back to work.  we love our miners. I am also very pleased to say that we have finally cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access piplines.  48,000 new jobs. They couldn't get their approvals. We got them their approvals in 24 hours one day. -- 24 hours, one day. I want to tell you, the heads of those two companies didn't know what the hell happened. They said, how did this happen?
They should go to bed and say their prayers. But that is going to be approximately 48,000 jobs. My administration has also scrapped a job killing regulation that was threatening our auto workers. We want more cars made in the USA, and that is going to happen.  We have created a new rule which requires that for every one new regulation, to old regulations -- two old regulations must be eliminated. And we have signed massive executive orders clearing up the environmental bureaucracy. We are going to have jobs, and you're seeing them already. We have also been very busy on the legislative front, which we have got no credit for, and yet I am signing away.
I have signed 29 new bills, a record not surpassed since the Truman administration.  This includes 13 resolutions to eliminate intrusive federal regulations, the most ever signed in our history. In keeping our promise to our veterans, I have signed legislation to extend veterans choice, and the head of the veteran's administration is here with us tonight, David Chilton. He did an incredible job. We have increased by 42% the approval for veterans using the Choice program. I have also created an office of accountability at the VA. Our message to federal workers is clear: If you fail our veterans, you will be held accountable. 
To create accountability across government, I have issued a five-year ban on federal officials becoming lobbyists after they leave government service. Good?  I have got a lot of people in my staff that are not exactly happy with that one, but that is ok. And I have issued a lifetime ban on federal officials becoming lobbyists for a foreign government.  I have imposed these bans for a simple reason.
It is time to drain the swamp.  and that is what we are doing in Washington DC. Perhaps in no area have passed governments sold out since the -- sold out special interest in foreign lobbyists than on the issue of immigration. Year after year, you pleaded for Washington to enforce our laws as illegal immigration surged, refugees flooded in, and lacks vetting -- and lax vetting threaten to your safety and security. And don't worry, we are going to have the wall. Don't worry about it.  ...
We have done so well at the border, a lot of people are saying, wow, maybe the President doesn't need the wall. We need the wall to stop the drugs and human trafficking. We need the wall. In just 100 days, we have taken historic steps to secure our border, imposed needed immigration control like you have never seen before -- is that true? And properly screened and vet those seeking admission into our country. They are going to come in because they love our country.
We are not taking them otherwise. We are operating on a very simple principle that our immigration system should put the needs of American workers, American families, American companies, and American citizens first.  I have appointed a great military general, John Kelly, to lead the Department of Homeland Security. Since my election, we have already achieved an unprecedented 73% reduction in illegal crossing on our southern border. 
The greatest reduction in the history of our country, and we just started. The world is getting the message. If you try to illegally enter the United States, you will be caught, detained, deported, or put in prison, and it will happen.  As I campaigned across the nation, I met with the grieving mothers and fathers of children who had been killed, viciously killed, violently killed by a legal immigrants.
And I made them a promise. We will protect American lives. Your family member will not have died in vain.  Last week, we opened an office to support the victims of immigration crime, called Voice to make sure that no American victim is ever again ignored by their government -- not going to happen anymore.
And many people are now talking, as I just said, and using this tremendous early progress on the border to say we don't need the kind of safety that we really do need, including the wall. We need safety. We need cameras. We need all of the things that we are going to be putting in, and we need the wall. And we will build the wall as sure as you are standing there tonight. We need the wall.  ...
We will build a wall folks don't even worry about it. Go to sleep. Go home, go to sleep, rest assured. That's the final thing we needed. We need it. If the Democrat knew what the hell they were doing, they would approve it so easy because we want to stop crime in our country. Obviously, they don't mind illegals coming in. They don't mind drug pouring in. They don't mind MS-13 coming in. We are getting them all out of here. Members of congress who will be voting on border security have a simple choice. They can either vote to help drug cartels and criminal aliens trying to enter the United States, like frankly, the Democrats are doing, or they can vote to help American citizens and American families be safe. That is the choice. Who do you want to represent you?  Unfortunately, Democrats in congress have no leadership. They are rudderless. Senator Schumer is a bad leader.  I have known him a long time. He is a bad leader, not a natural leader at all. He worked hard to study leadership. When you have to study leadership, you've got problems. And his policies are hurting innocent Americans and making it easier for drug dealers to enter our country. Schumer is weak on crime and wants to raise your taxes through the roof.  He is a poor leader -- I've known him a long time -- and he is leading the Democrats to doom. It is sad to see for our country what is happening to the Democratic party. At the heart of my administration's efforts to restore the rule of law has been a nationwide crackdown on criminal gangs, and that means taking the fight to the sanctuary cities that shield these dangerous criminals from removal.  The last very weak administration allowed thousands and thousands of gang members to cross our borders and enter into our communities, where they reached have it on our citizens -- where they wreaked havoc on our citizens. The bloodthirsty cartel known as MS-13 has infiltrated our schools, threatening innocent children. We have seen the horrible assaults and many killings all along Long Island where I grew up.
We are seeing the vicious spread of transnational gangs into all 50 states and the human suffering they bring with them. I have been with the parents. It is devastation. A very respected general recently told me that MS-13 are the equivalent in their meanness to Al-Qaeda.  My administration will not rest until we have dismantled these violent gangs, and we are doing it rapidly, and we are sending them the hell out of our country.
We are sending them back home where they belong.  One by one, we are finding the illegal immigrant drug dealers come again members and killers and removing them from our country. Once they are gone, you see what we are doing. They will not let them back in. They are not coming back. 
In this effort to restore safety to our country, we are going to strongly support the incredible men and women of law enforcement.  I just signed an executive order directing Attorney General Jeff Sessions to combat crimes of violence against our police and the Department of Justice is now prioritizing the prosecution of criminals who attack officers of the law.
And we are also working around the clock to keep our nation safe from terrorism. My administration has taken historic steps to improve screening and vetting for those seeking visas to enter the United States. We have seen the attack from 9/11 to Boston to San Bernardino. We have seen the bloodshed overseas. You look at what is happening in other countries. We already have enough problems to worry about in the United States, which we love so much.
We don't need to be admitting people who want to oppress press, hurt or kill innocent Americans. They are not come again. -- coming in. So let me state this as clearly as I possibly can. We are going to keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country.  So I have a question for you. You have been to a lot of rallies, you have seen a lot of rallies. Is there any place like a Trump rally? 
So I did this a little bit during the rally. Haven't done it in a long time. Who has heard the poem called the snake? Does anybody wants to hear it again? Are you sure?  Ok. So let's dedicate this to General Kelly, the border patrol, and the ICE ages for doing such an incredible job.  This was written by Al Wilson, a long time ago. I thought of it having to do with our borders. We know they're going to have. We're going to have problems. We have to be smart, we have to be vigilant. So, here it is, the snake. It is called "The Snake."
On our way to work one morning, down the path along the lake a tenderhearted woman saw a poor have frozen snake, his pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. Poor thing, she cried out, I will take you in, and I will take care of you. The border. Take me in, oh tender woman take me in for heaven sake. Take me in, oh tender woman, sighed the vicious snake.
She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night, and as soon as she arrived she found that pretty snake she taken in had been revived. Take me in, oh tender woman. Take me in, for heaven sake. Take me in, oh tender woman, sighed the vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. You're so beautiful, she cried, but if I had not brought you in by now, by heavens you would have died.
She stroked his pretty skin again, and kissed him and held him tight. But instead of saying thank you, that snake gave her a vicious bite! Take me in, oh tender woman. Take me in, sighed the vicious snake. I have saved you, cried the woman and you bit me, heavens why? You know your bite is poisonous, and now I am going to die. Oh shut up, silly woman, said the reptile with a grin. You new damn well I was a snake before you took me in .
Does that explain it, folks? Keeping America safe also means rebuilding our defenses. Under the leadership of General Mad Dog Mattis -- and he is doing great. By the way, he is the man who recommended General Kelly. I said mad dog, you have to give me a good general for the border. We have begun the process of rebuilding our military and restoring full readiness. We are also protecting taxpayer dollars. I have already saved more than $725 million on a simple order of F-35 planes.
I got involved in the negotiation. And there is billions of dollars to be saved. On that and many other things. We have also stepped up the fight against ISIS and we will not stop until ISIS has been destroyed.  At the same time, we have strength and our friendships and alliances all around the world. We were very proud to quietly work with the Egyptian government last week to ensure that an American citizen, a beautiful young woman named ?Aya?? came home after being in an Egyptian prison, for the past three years. 
She was going to be there for another 28 years. President Obama worked diligently for three years, did not get 'em out. I met with President el-Sisi and it worked out quickly. And he was great. And he was great about it. And not only did the court system in Egypt and president el-Sisi let her out, but they let out her husband and they let out a total of eight people that were innocent, and they are all back here right now.  Now they won't include that in the 100 days, but I am proud to have done it.
She is a happy young woman, believe me. I said how tough was it in that prison? She said you don't want to know. We are also getting NATO countries to finally step up and contribute their fair share. They have begun to increase the contribution by billions of dollars. We are not going to be satisfied until everyone pays what they owe. I have been complaining about that for a long time. And it's a lot different now, but they still a lot of money
America's average military and defense spending was double what all other NATO countries spent combined. Not fair. As we work to get other countries to pay their fair share abroad, we will continue our rebuilding at home. We are rebuilding everything, including our great military. We will have the finest military that we have ever had at any time in the history of our country.  Last week, my economics team outlined one of the biggest tax cuts in American history. Even bigger than that of Ronald Reagan. We are proposing major tax relief for the middle class and lowering the business tax from 35% all the way down to 15%. 
You will see companies expand, companies come back into our country. Companies not leave our country anymore because taxes and regulations are so onerous. You will see what happens. Let me also be clear in saying that we are going to save Americans health care and repeal and replace that disaster known as Obamacare, which is dying, dying, dying.  Obamacare is dead anyway. You know they always like to compare -- Obamacare is dead. It is gone.
The increases were massive last year and they will be bigger this year. Insurance companies are fleeing. One of the top insurers says Obamacare is in a death spiral, there is nothing they can do. They can't compare something to it because it won't be there very long. It is not working. Under Obamacare, we have seen double and triple digit hikes in premiums. Many Americans left with only a single insurer to choose from. Now many of those insurers are fleeing also. You have many like the great state of Tennessee where half of the state already has no insurance carrier. And many others. Obamacare is a catastrophe created exclusively by the Democrats in Congress. And they know it is no good.
And, by the way, we're going to get something great. We're going to get premiums down, deductibles way down. We are going to take care of every single need you are going to to have taken care of. It will not cost that kind of money. We will bring it down. You're going to see it. Premiums down. We will repeal and replace Obamacare. You watch.  We are going to give Americans the freedom to purchase the health care plans they want, not the health care forced on them by the government. And I will be so angry at Congressman Kelly and Congressman Marino and all of our Congressmen in this room if we don't get this damn thing passed quickly. 
They will get it done. We know them, they will get it done. In all things, we are returning power to the people where it belongs. We are going to defend the second amendment.  And your rights to keep and bear arms. We're going to bring education local, and we're going to end common core.  We are going to stop federal overreach and defend the God-given rights of every American family.
Just imagine what we can accomplish if we all started working together to rebuild this nation, the nation that we so dearly love. Our jobs will come back home, are dying factories will come roaring back to life. It will be a beautiful thing to watch. This is what is going to happen in the United States of America. And it is going to happen soon. And it is actually already happening. Cities small and large will see a rebirth of hope, safety and opportunity.
America's children will be taught to love the country and take pride in our great American flag.  And other countries, you seee that happening, will finally treat America and our citizens with the respect that our country and our citizens deserve. The time for all of us to remember that we are one people with one great American destiny. And that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots. 
And we all share the same glorious freedoms of our magnificent country. We are all made by the same almighty God.  As long as we remember these truths, we will not fail. We are American, and the future belongs to us. The future belongs to all of you. So with hope in our souls and patriotism in our hearts, I say these words to you tonight on 100 days of devotion, hard work and love for our great country.
Together, we will make America strong again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America prosper again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And he will make America great again. Thank you. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you.
Certainly, I would be. But I think China will want to be stepping up.
You're going to see. We'll be talking about it.
The President just arrived. He just landed in Palm Beach, so I just saw that.
I don't want to mention that, but the answer is no, I haven't.
I've shaken them up, and I think we've had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of Presidents. If you look at all that we've done and all of the jobs we've created, if you look at the kind of cost-cutting we've been able to achieve with the military and at the same time ordering vast amounts of equipment -- saved hundreds of millions of dollars on airplanes, and really billions, because if you take that out over a period of years it's many billions of dollars -- I think we've had a tremendous success. And we've just begun. And we're going to have a very interesting couple of days.
I don't want to say what I'm going to be doing with respect to Syria.
We have been treated unfairly and have made terrible deals -- trade deals with China for many, many years. So that's one of the things we're going to be talking about. The other thing, of course, is going to be North Korea, and somehow they will mix. They really do mix. So we're going to be talking about both trade, North Korea, and many other things.
No, not at all. No. We have a great person right now in Judge Gorsuch, I mean a great person. And hopefully if there is a second one for me during my administration -- and there could be as many as four -- in fact, under a certain scenario there could even be more than that -- but no, I don't think the nuclear option has any impact on that at all.
He's a very good person. I just heard that he did. I think he's a very good person, he's a very honorable guy. And I think he did that maybe for his own reason. He's a high-quality person. And the gentleman replacing him, who I don't know, I hear is a very, very highly respected man, high-quality.
Nobody shared it with me, that I can tell you --
What Assad did is terrible. I think what happened in Syria is one of the truly egregious crimes and it shouldn't have happened and it shouldn't be allowed to happen.
At some point, I may. I haven't, but at some point I may.
I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity. And he's there, and I guess he's running things, so something should happen. Thanks, folks, I'll see you in a little while.
Thank you. Thank you, everybody.  I am thrilled to be here in the great state of Kentucky and the beautiful city of Louisville!  And this place is packed!  There are a lot of people outside aren't getting in, but that's all right. We love them, too, right? We love them, too. 
We're in the heartland of America and there is no place I would rather be than here with you tonight.  Our first Republican president, Abraham Lincoln, was born right here in Kentucky.  That's not bad. The legendary pioneer Daniel Boone helped settle the Kentucky frontier. 
And the great 19th century American statesman Henry Clay represented Kentucky in the United States Congress.  Henry Clay believed in what he called the American system and proposed tariffs to protect American industry and finance American infrastructure. 
I'm honored to be here today with many of your tremendous, modern-day leaders.  We're joined tonight -- and I want you to give him a nice hand because he's on our side, got to take good care of our people, right...  ...and he's got a lot of power for the people of Kentucky -- by our Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Where is he? Come here, Mitch.  Thank you, Mitch. How are you doing, Mitch? Hey, Mitch, are we going to be OK? Everything good? That health care is looking good? Good, thanks, Mitch. 
And we're also very lucky to have in my Cabinet our secretary of transportation, the wonderful Elaine Chao.  Working with Secretary Chao, we're going to rebuild the crumbling infrastructure of the United States.  It's time, right? It's time. 
It is time. After spending trillions and trillions of dollars overseas, it is indeed time. We are going to start taking care of our country.  Also with us this evening is your great governor, Matt Bevin. Where's Matt?  Matt! Thanks, Matt.
Congressman Andy Barr and Congressman Jamie Comer.  The state motto of Kentucky is "united we stand, divided we fall." We are united.  Somebody from the fake media the other day asked me a question. 
They said, how are the Republicans going to finally get together? I said, wait a minute, we won the presidency, we won the House, we won the Senate. I mean, right?  Actually, he was a nice guy that asked the question, but I was sort of thinking that was an interesting question because we've just about never been on a streak like this. I think 1928, that's a long time ago, and we're going to get a lot of things done.
And then we're going to get to truly one of my favorite things. It's called reducing taxes.  Standing together as Americans we are going to deliver amazing things for the citizens of Kentucky and the United States. Most importantly, we are going to take power back from the political class in Washington and return that power to you the American people. It's happening. It's happening. It's happening. 
It started on November 8th. Remember that beautiful, beautiful day? That beautiful day, we're going to give it back.  That was a beautiful day. They weren't giving us a lot of chance, were they? Remember? There is no path to 270, right? 
Remember the line? And, you know, for the Republicans, the Electoral College was very, very hard, very hard to win. Do you remember the famous line, there is no path to 270? Well, there was a path to 306, but maybe not to 270. 
But we have a lot of work to do. The fact is we inherited a mess. It's a mess. I met with the prime minister today of Iraq. I met with others, the Middle East, North Korea.  North Korea, I'll tell you what, what's happening there is disgraceful and not smart, not smart at all. So many different problems.
And I'll tell you, you see what's happening with the economy. We've picked up $3 trillion in value and our companies are bringing people back to work. We have to take on every special interest that has profited from this. And, I mean, I don't mean, like, a little bit, I mean really terrible trade deals, horrible trade deals. Last year, our country lost almost $800 billion in trade. Not going to happen anymore, folks. It's not going to happen anymore. 
Uncontrolled immigration, you see what's going on there. That's happening quickly. Got a little problem with the courts not wanting to give us the decisions that should be given. But we're going to win it.
And the financial system stacked against the American people. These entrenched interests will do anything they can to keep the broken system in place. But they will fail and we will win because we are fighting on this side of our great American heritage. 
This place is packed! I mean, I don't want to say this, we could have been watching a good basketball game tonight. But what happened? What happened? That's all right. You've done a good job, right? You've done a good job. Great team, great coach. It's all right.
We are going to drain the swamp of government corruption in Washington, D.C. and we are going to keep our promises, all of the promises that we made.  We are going to massively reduce your taxes. We are going to reduce very substantially rising crime and support the incredible men and women of law enforcement. 
We're going to bring accountability to the V.A. and take great care finally, finally, finally of our great veterans.  And our secretary, you wouldn't believe it, because I still don't have my Cabinet, they won't approve my Cabinet. 
There is a lot of division and a lot of bad stuff going on in this country. But I'll tell you -- David, we love David, David got approved 100-to-nothing, can you believe it? Head of the V.A., secretary of the V.A. 
And you watch what happens with the veterans. It's time. It's time we take care of our veterans.  We are going to rebuild the United States military finally.  I have proposed a budget that calls for one of the largest increases in defense spending history. And we need it. We need it. Got a lot of bad actors out there, folks, right? 
That's time also. And it's also jobs because we're going to make this equipment right here in the USA.  And we believe in three crucial words: Peace through strength. 
There's our great lieutenant governor, by the way, please.  Thank you, darling. Thank you. But we will spend our money wisely. With just one negotiation on one set of airplanes, I saved the taxpayers of our country over $700 million. 
And that's just one of many. One of many. We've also kept our promise to appoint a Supreme Court justice who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. 
Judge Neil Gorsuch's hearing is now under way in the Senate. And I urge members of both parties to swiftly approve his nomination. He is an outstanding man from an outstanding family with an unbelievably wonderful wife. They should approve.
There's another promise that is deeply important to me and I know it is deeply important to you. We are going to put our coal miners back to work.  They have not been treated well, but they're going to be treated well now. Clean coal, right? Clean coal. I have already eliminated a devastating anti-coal regulation and that is just the beginning. You saw that.
We got a lot of thank yous from a lot of great people that worked very hard and want to keep working. A lot of people are going to be put back to work, a lot of coal miners are going back to work.
As we speak, we are preparing new executive actions to save our coal industry and to save our wonderful coal miners from continuing to be put out of work. The miners are coming back. 
Our new EPA administrator, Scott Pruitt, a Kentucky native, will turn the EPA -- environmental -- will turn the EPA from a job killer into a job creator. You watch.  Since my Inauguration, we've already added nearly a half-a- million new jobs. And that's, believe me, just the beginning, just the beginning. 
And I don't know, did you see those consumer confidence levels? Matt, they're through the roof. I don't even know. I think you're doing as well in Kentucky, but I know you don't like Obamacare. I know. 
Great guy. We're working to remove regulations on our auto industry so we can make more cars right here in America, including more cars in Kentucky.  We've wiped out many, many unnecessary regulations and that's just the beginning. It's continuing on a weekly basis.
We're getting rid of unnecessary regulations. We're going to be good for business and we're going to be good for the workers of America.  We've also cleared the way for the Keystone and the Dakota Access Pipelines. 
And as I was signing it, I said, where are they getting the steel? Where? And I said, you know what, if people want to build pipelines in the United States, they should use American steel and they should build it and create it right here. That pipe is going to be manufactured right here. 
That was, like, the last minute. I'm saying, where are they buying this stuff? Like Henry Clay, we want to put our own people to work. We believe in two simple rules: buy American and hire American. 
So as you folks all know, Henry Clay was a legendary Kentucky politician who became the eighth speaker of the House in 1811. You know, they compared my campaign to Jackson, President Jackson, right, of 1828. I said, can you imagine having to go back that far? And they said this was even more severe.
But we did a good job. Did we do a great job together? 1828, that's a long time ago. Oh, boy. And he was a good president, right? He was a good president. Clay was a fierce advocate for American manufacturing. He wanted it badly. He said very strongly free trade, which would throw wide open our ports to foreign production, without duties while theirs remain closed to us. That was his quote.
He knew all the way back, early 1800s. Clay said that trade must be fair, equal and reciprocal. Boom, he said fair, equal and reciprocal. I'm talking about reciprocal trade -- reciprocal. 
I mentioned that the other day to a group in my office. We're going to be doing some trade deals as soon as we get the health care finished. Oh, I'm looking forward to these trade deals. They're the ones. Oh, there's going to be no ambiguity. But I use the word "reciprocal."
You know, Harley-Davidson makes great motorcycles. They were in my office. They were in my office. And they came in. I said, how are you doing? Great. How's business? Great. How do you do overseas? Well, it's tough. We have some countries that charge us a $100 import tax. I said a hundred -- a 100 percent. Think of it. They want a hundred dollars on that -- 100 percent. So I said, how do you do? Not so well, it's tough. They have other countries that charge a lot.
We want reciprocal. So if they're going to charge us a hundred percent, we're going to charge them a hundred percent. And you know what's going to happen? They're going to bring their hundred percent down to nothing like we charge. We can't allow that to happen. We can't allow that to happen. 
In explaining his American system, Clay argued that the sole object of the tariff is to tax the produce. And remember, to tax the produce of foreign industry with the view of promoting American industry. For too long, our government has abandoned the American system. Since NAFTA was approved in 1994, the worst trade deal ever made by any country, I think, in the world, America has lost nearly one-third of its manufacturing jobs. Do not worry, we are starting on NAFTA very soon.
You know, I've only been there for, what, 52 days, right?  Somebody said to me, when are you starting on NAFTA? I said, wait a minute, I did this, this, this, I've knocked out unbelievable numbers of regulations, we're negotiating much better deals, these terrible deals that were made. I've been here, like, 51 days. Give me a chance. 
Oh, I look forward. We're going to do something with NAFTA that you are going to be very, very impressed with. That's going to be an easy one, folks. That's going to be an easy one.
Since China joined, that's another beauty, the World Trade Organization in 2001, the United States has lost many more than 60,000 factories. We sacrificed our own middle class to finance the growth of foreign countries. But those days, ladies and gentlemen of Kentucky, are over. Is that OK? 
Those days are over. It's crazy. You know what that is? Much more than 60,000 factories. You know what that is? It's, like, I said, if you have a map, how do you put that many dots on the map, right? More than 60,000 factories, but they're all coming back. You see them coming back. You see car companies that were going to build elsewhere and now they're saying that because of Trump we're going to build in Michigan, we're going to build in Ohio, we're going to build in Kentucky. 
They're saying it loud and clear. Because from now on it's going to be America first, America first.  We will be, I promise you, a rich nation once again.  And we will do what we have to do. And we will not allow other countries to take advantage of us like they've been doing to a level that's hard to believe. Hard to believe. Not going to happen.
Not going to happen anymore, Kentucky. Remember that, OK?  You just worry about your basketball team, I'll take care of the rest.  But to be a rich nation, we must also be a safe nation. That is why I am following through on my promise to secure, protect and defend the borders of the United States. 
We will build, that's right, a great, great border wall.  And, you know, it's already out to bid. You've probably been reading, tremendous numbers of bidders. What does that mean when you have a lot of bidders? It means we're going to get it for the right price, OK? Believe me. 
And we will stop the drugs that are pouring into our country and poisoning our youth and plenty of others. We're going to stop the drugs.  A lot of them are coming in from the Southern border. Since the day of my election, we've already cut illegal immigration at the Southern border by 61 percent. Think of that. 
Sixty-one percent and we haven't started. And the courts are not making it easy, folks. They're not making it easy.  Terrible. Sixty-one percent. During the campaign as I've traveled all across this great country, I met with many American families whose loved ones, sons and daughters, husbands and wives, were viciously killed by illegal immigrants. Incredible. Incredible. These amazing American lives were stolen because our government refused to enforce our already-existing laws. 
These American victims and their families were ignored by the media. The media doesn't want to talk about it. They don't want to talk about it. They were ignored by the consultants. They were ignored by Washington. But these Americans were not ignored by me. They were not ignored by you. You showed that on November 8th. They were not ignored by you and they will never be ignored by any of us. 
As we speak tonight, we are finding the drug dealers, robbers, thieves, gang members, predators, killers and criminals of all types preying on our citizens. You've been saying it, you've been reading about it and you've been seeing it. One by one they are being tracked down and thrown the hell out of our country and we will not let them back in.  We are also working to protect our citizens from terrorism. 
We have seen the devastation at home from 9/11 to Boston to San Bernardino and many, many other places. We've seen attacks overseas in France, in Germany, in Belgium. It's time for intelligence and common sense to be used. 
The single-best way to protect, and you have to do this, you have to do this, and to keep foreign terrorists from attacking our country is to keep these foreign terrorists from entering our country in the first place. 
And we will stop radical Islamic terrorism. We will stop it. Not going to let it happen, not here. Not going to let it happen. Finally, we want a very big tax cut, but cannot do that until we keep our promise to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. And we're going to be working very closely with our leader, Mitch McConnell, to get that job done. Paul Ryan, everybody, they're going to be working very hard. And Congressman Andy Barr and Jamie Comer, I have to thank them for their help and their support as we move toward the crucial House vote on Thursday, the seventh anniversary of Obamacare's very painful passage.
This is our long- awaited chance to finally get rid of Obamacare.  It's a long-awaited chance. We're going to do it. We're going to do it. What's the alternative? The alternative is what you have. What you have is nothing, the worst, it's the big lie. And remember this, so true, I happen to like a lot Senator Rand Paul, I do. 
I do, I like him. He's good. He's a good guy. And I look forward to working with him so we can get this bill passed in some form so that we can pass massive tax reform which we can't do until this happens. So we've got to get this done before we can do the other. In other words, we have to know what this is before we can do the big tax cuts. We've got to get it done for a lot of reasons, but that's one of them. 
And it's important to realize how we got to Obamacare in the first place. Back in 2009 and 2010, House and Senate Democrats forced through a 2,700-page health care bill that no one read and no one understood. By the way, today it's thousands of pages more, it's not even understandable. They ignored the public, they ignored the voters and they jammed a massive, failed health care takeover right through Congress. 
And this is what we have. It's time for Democrat leaders in Washington to take responsibility for the disaster they and they alone created.  Remember when President Obama said if you like your plan you can keep your plan, if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor? 
Nobody brings that stuff up, do they? Do they ever bring it up? Matt, I don't think so, right? They don't bring it up. Notice how they forget all those things?
Or when the architect of Obamacare said the law was passed because of the stupidity of the American voter. Or Bill Clinton on the campaign trail -- oh, he must have had a tough night when he went home that night... 
... called Obamacare the craziest thing in the world where people wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half. Bill Clinton said that, the craziest thing in the world. Or the Democratic governor of Minnesota who said the Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable.
It's been one broken promise after another. People have been kicked off their plans and their premiums have increased by double and triple digits. Arizona up 116 percent. By the way, insurance companies in a great state known as Kentucky -- have you ever heard of it -- are in tremendous trouble, will be fleeing and we're going to save it all. We're going to save it all. Tremendous trouble, it's a disaster. 
In fact, to counter my speech two weeks in Congress -- I don't know, did anybody see that speech -- they used the former governor of Kentucky.  And the plan doesn't work in Kentucky. But Matt will save us.
Many of our best and brightest are leaving the medical profession entirely because of Obamacare. Obamacare has been a complete and total catastrophe and it's getting worse and worse by the day. And yet, you watch the fake media, the fake news and they try and build it up. It's a disaster, fellas. It's a disaster. 
What would be great if they told the truth about Obamacare. It would be so wonderful for the people of this country because it would just sail right through. Our plan would sail right through.
One-third of the counties in the United States now have only one Obamacare insurer left, some have none. And in your state it's worse. In a recent interview, your governor, Matt Bevin, who's right here so I better be careful, said that Obamacare was a disaster in Kentucky.
Is that right? I'm quoting that so accurately. And it is. It's been an absolute disaster. Half of our counties only have a single provider right now. It's a financial disaster waiting to happen right here in your own state. Thursday is our chance to end Obamacare and the Obamacare catastrophe and begin delivering the reforms our people deserve. 
Big thing. Then we get to tax cuts. Big thing. And remember, we're going to negotiate and it's going to go to the Senate and back and forth. The end result is going to be wonderful and it's going to work great.
Once this is done, we are also going to work on bringing down the cost of medicine by having a fair and competitive bidding process. 
Some people think that's just as important as health care. The cost of medicine in this country is outrageous, many times higher than in some countries in Europe and elsewhere. Why? Same pill, same manufacturer, identical, and it's many times higher in the United States. You know why? Campaign contributions, who knows?
But somebody is getting very rich. We're going to bring it down and we're going to have a great, competitive bidding process. Medicine prices will be coming way down, way, way, way down. And that's going to happen fast. 
And we're just adding that to the bill. I said we've got to add that to the bill. We were going to do a bill later, we're trying to add it to this bill. And if we can't, we're going to have it right after.
We have some crazy arcane laws, folks, just in case you haven't heard. I am confident that if we empower the American people we will accomplish incredible things for our country, not just on health care, but all across our government.
And by the way, that Second Amendment is very, very safe right now.  I promised. I said we're going to save the Second Amendment. I promise you we are going to save the Second Amendment. It's very, very safe. It would not be in good shape if a certain other person won this election, I can tell you. You'd not be happy. 
And if they came to make a speech, 250 people would have shown up. A new spirit of optimism is sweeping across our land and a new national pride is swelling our hearts and stirring our souls. So true. 
Just imagine what we could accomplish if we stand together as a united American people.  Our economy will be unleashed and millions will be lifted from welfare to work. Got to work on work. They're going to love it. They're going to love it. From welfare to work.
Our children will grow up in safe communities and they will be educated in schools that teach them to love our country and its values.  Our inner cities will find a rebirth of hope, safety and opportunity. 
And, you know, your San Francisco quarterback, I'm sure nobody ever heard of him.  I'm just reporting the news. There was an article today -- I love to report the news and then they said I made a mistake, right? I said, no, the people reporting the news made a mistake if it's wrong. But there was an article today, it was reported that NFL owners don't want to pick him up because they don't want to get a nasty tweet from Donald Trump.
Do you believe that?  I just saw that. I just saw that. I said, if I remember that one, I'm going to report it to the people of Kentucky because they like it when people actually stand for the American flag. Right? 
Our struggling industries are going to be revitalized and our dying factories will come roaring back to life. It's already happening.  And in our dealing with other nations, we will find a new era of security, cooperation and peace. And we won't be played for the fool and we won't be played for the suckers any longer. 
This is the future that awaits us if we embrace our destiny as Americans, which we did. This was one of the greatest things, one of the biggest events ever to happen in our country. And we're going to make it even better than anybody ever thought possible. That's happening already. 
We are one people and we share one faith. Whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood.  We all salute the same great American flag.  And we are all made by the same almighty God. 
As long as we remember these truths, we will not fail. Nobody, nobody can beat us, nobody!  We are Americans and the future belongs to us. The future belongs to you. This is your moment, this is your time and this, the United States of America, is your country again. 
So with hope in our souls and patriotism in our hearts, let us now recite these words. Are you ready? Together, we will make America strong again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again! Thank you. Thank you, Kentucky. God bless you. Thank you. 
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.  So we're just going to let the other folks come in, fill it up. This is some crowd. You have to see what's outside, you wouldn't even believe it.  Unbelievable.
So I'm thrilled to be here in Nashville, Tennessee, the home --  -- of country music, Southern hospitality, and the great President Andrew Jackson.  I just came from a tour of Andrew Jackson's home to mark the 250th anniversary of his birth. Jackson's life was devoted to one very crucial principle -- he understood that real leadership means putting America first. 
Before becoming President, Andrew Jackson served your state from the House of Representatives and in the United States Senate, and he also served as commander of the Tennessee militia. Tough cookie. Tough cookie. 
So let's begin tonight by thanking all of the incredible men and women of the United States military and all of our wonderful veterans. The veterans. 
Amazing. There's no place I'd rather be than with all of you here tonight, with the wonderful, hardworking citizens of our country.  I would much rather spend time with you than any of the pundits, consultants, or special interests, certainly -- or reporters from Washington, D.C. 
It's patriotic Americans like you who make this country run, and run well. You pay your taxes, follow our laws, support your communities, raise your children, love your country, and send your bravest to fight in our wars.  All you want is a government that shows you the same loyalty in return. It's time that Washington heard your voice -- and believe me, on November 8th, they heard your voice.  The forgotten men and women of our country will never be forgotten again, believe me. 
I want to thank so many of your state leaders -- State Party Chairman Scott Golden; Congressman Scott DesJarlais; Congresswoman Marsha Blackburn; Congresswoman Diane Black; Congressman Jimmy Duncan -- right from the beginning.  Governor Bill Haslam.  A great friend of mine, Senator Bob Corker.  An incredible guy, respected by all -- Senator Lamar Alexander.  And so many more. Thank you all for being here.
We're going to be working closely together to deliver for you, the citizens of Tennessee, like you've never been delivered for before. Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. We're going to reduce your taxes -- big league. Big.  Big. I want to start that process so quickly. Got to get the healthcare done. We got to start the tax reductions. 
We are going to enforce our trade rules and bring back our jobs, which are scattered all over the world. They're coming back to our country.  We're going to support the amazing -- absolutely amazing men and women of law enforcement.  Protect your freedoms, and defend the Second Amendment.  And we are going to restore respect for our country and for its great and very beautiful flag. 
It's been a little over 50 days since my inauguration, and we've been putting our America First agenda very much into action. You see what's happening. We're keeping our promises. In fact, they have signs -- "He's Kept His Promise." They're all over the place. I have.  We have done far more -- I think maybe more than anybody's done in this office in 50 days, that I could tell you. 
And we have just gotten started. Wait until you see what's coming, folks. We've appointed a Supreme Court justice to replace the late, great Antonin Scalia. His name is Judge Neil Gorsuch.  He will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. We are proposing a budget that will shrink the bloated federal bureaucracy -- and I mean bloated -- while protecting our national security. You see what we're doing with our military -- bigger, better, stronger than ever before. You see what's happening.  And you're already seeing the results. Our budget calls for one of the single largest increases in defense spending history in this country. 
We believe -- especially the people in Tennessee, I know you people so well --  -- in peace through strength. That's what we're going to have. And we are taking steps to make sure that our allies pay their fair share. They have to pay.  We've begun a dramatic effort to eliminate job-killing federal regulations like nobody has ever seen before -- slash, slash. We're going to protect the environment, we're going to protect people's safeties, but, let me tell you, the regulation business has become a terrible business, and we're going to bring it down to where it should be. 
Okay, let's go. One person -- and they'll be the story tomorrow -- did you hear there was a protestor? 
We're going to put our miners back to work. We're going to put our auto industry back to work. Already because of this new business climate, we are creating jobs that are starting to pour back into our country like we haven't seen in many, many decades. 
In the first two job reports since I took the oath of office, we've already added nearly half a million new jobs, and believe me, it's just beginning.  I've already authorized the construction of the long-stalled and delayed Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines.  A lot of jobs.
I've also directed that new pipelines must be constructed with American steel.  They want to build them here, they use our steel. We believe in two simple rules: Buy American and Hire American. 
On trade, I've kept my promise to the American people, and withdrawn from the Trans-Pacific Partnership disaster.  Tennessee has lost one third of its manufacturing jobs since the institution of NAFTA, one of the worst trade deals ever in history. Our nation has lost over 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization -- 60,000. Think of that. More than that.
We're not going to let it happen anymore. From now on, we are going to defend the American worker and our great American companies.  And if America does what it says, and if your President does what I've been telling you, there is nobody anywhere in the world that can even come close to us, folks. Not even close. 
If a company wants to leave America, fire their workers, and then ship their new products back into our country, there will be consequences.  That's what we have borders for. And by the way, aren't our borders getting extremely strong?  Very strong.
Don't even think about it. We will build the wall. Don't even think about it.  In fact, as you probably read, we went out to bid. We had hundreds of bidders. Everybody wants to build our wall.  Usually, that means we're going to get a good price. We're going to get a good price, believe me.  We're going to build the wall.
Some of the fake news said, I don't think Donald Trump wants to build the wall. Can you imagine if I said we're not going to build a wall? Fake news. Fake, fake news. Fake news, folks. A lot of fake.
No, the wall is way ahead of schedule in terms of where we are. It's under design, and you're going to see some very good things happening. But the border by itself right now is doing very well. It's becoming very strong. General Kelly has done a great job -- General Kelly.
My administration is also following through on our promise to secure, protect, and defend that border within our United States. Our southern border will be protected always. It will have the wall. Drugs will stop pouring in and poisoning our youth, and that will happen very, very soon. You're already seeing what's going on. The drugs are pouring into our country, folks. They are poisoning our youth and plenty of others, and we're going to stop it. We're not going to playing games. Not going to be playing games.  Following my executive action -- and don't forget, we've only been here for like -- what? -- 50 days -- we've already experienced an unprecedented 40-percent reduction in illegal immigration on our Southern border; 61 percent since Inauguration Day -- 61 percent. Think about it.
And now people are saying, we're not going to go there anymore because we can't get in. So it's going to get better and better. We got to stop those drugs, though. We got to stop those drugs.
During the campaign, as I traveled all across this country, I met with many American families whose loved ones were viciously and violently killed by illegal immigrants because our government refused to enforce our already existing laws. These American victims were ignored by the media. They were ignored by Washington. But they were not ignored by me, and they're not ignored by you, and they never will be ignored certainly any longer. Not going to happen. 
As we speak, we are finding the drug dealers, the robbers, thieves, gang members, killers and criminals preying on our citizens. One by one -- you're reading about it, right? They're being thrown out of our country. They're being thrown into prisons. And we will not let them back in. 
We're also working, night and day, to keep our nation safe from terrorism.  We have seen the devastation from 9/11 to Boston to San Bernardino -- hundreds upon hundreds of people from outside our country have been convicted of terrorism-related offenses in the United States courts. Right now we have investigations going on all over -- hundreds of refugees are under federal investigation for terrorism and related reasons. We have entire regions of the world destabilized by terrorism and ISIS. For this reason, I issued an executive order to temporarily suspend immigration from places where it cannot safely occur. 
But let me give you the bad news. We don't like bad news, right? I don't want to hear -- and I'll turn it into good. But let me give you the bad, the sad news. Moments ago, I learned that a district judge in Hawaii -- part of the much overturned 9th Circuit Court -- and I have to be nice; otherwise I'll get criticized for speaking poorly about our courts. I'll be criticized by these people, among the most dishonest people in the world -- I will be criticized -- I'll be criticized by them for speaking harshly about our courts. I would never want to do that. A judge has just blocked our executive order on travel and refugees coming into our country from certain countries.
The order he blocked was a watered-version of the first order that was also blocked by another judge and should have never been blocked to start with. This new order was tailored to the dictates of the 9th Circuit's -- in my opinion -- flawed ruling. This is, the opinion of many, an unprecedented judicial overreach. The law and the Constitution give the President the power to suspend immigration when he deems -- or she -- or she. Fortunately, it will not be Hillary she.  When he or she deems it to be in the national interest of our country.
So we have a lot of lawyers here. We also have a lot of smart people here. Let me read to you directly from the federal statute, 212F, of the immigration -- and you know what I'm talking about, right? Can I read this to you? Listen to this. Now, we're all smart people. We're all good students -- some are bad students, but even if you're a bad student this is a real easy one, let me tell you. Ready?
So here's the statute -- which they don't even want to quote when they overrule it. And it was put here for the security of our country. And this goes beyond me, because there will be other Presidents, and we need this. And sometimes we need it very badly for security -- security of our country.
It says -- now, listen how easy this is. "Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or any class of aliens would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, he may, by proclamation, and for such period as he -- see, it wasn't politically correct, because it should say he or she. You know, today they'd say that. Actually, that's the only mistake they made. "as he shall deem necessary, suspending entry of all aliens, or any class of aliens, as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or pose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deems to be appropriate." In other words, if he thinks there's danger out there, he or she -- whoever is President -- can say, I'm sorry, folks, not now, please. We've got enough problems. 
We're talking about the safety of our nation, the safety and security of our people.  Now, I know you people aren't skeptical people because nobody would be that way in Tennessee. Right? Nobody -- not Tennessee. You don't think this was done by a judge for political reasons, do you? No.
This ruling makes us look weak -- which, by the way, we no longer are, believe me.  Just look at our borders. We're going to fight this terrible ruling. We're going to take our case as far as it needs to go, including all the way up to the Supreme Court.  We're going to win. We're going to keep our citizens safe. And regardless, we're going to keep our citizens safe, believe me.  Even liberal Democratic lawyer, Alan Dershowitz ---- good lawyer -- just said that we would win this case before the Supreme Court of the United States. 
Remember this, I wasn't thrilled, but the lawyers all said, let's tailor it. This is a watered--down version of the first one. This is a watered--down version. And let me tell you something, I think we ought to go back to the first one and go all the way, which is what I wanted to do in the first one. 
The danger is clear, the law is clear, the need for my executive order is clear. I was elected to change our broken and dangerous system and thinking in government that has weakened and endangered our country and left our people defenseless.  And I will not stop fighting for the safety of you and your families, believe me. Not today, not ever. We're going to win it. We're going to win it. 
We're going to apply common sense. We're going to apply intelligence. And we're never quitting, and we're never going away, and we're never, ever giving up. The best way to keep foreign terrorists -- or, as some people would say in certain instances, radical Islamic terrorists -- from attacking our country is to stop them from entering our country in the first place. 
We'll take it, but these are the problems we have. People are screaming, break up the 9th Circuit. And I'll tell you what, that 9th Circuit -- you have to see. Take a look at how many times they have been overturned with their terrible decisions. Take a look. And this is what we have to live with.
Finally, I want to get to taxes. I want to cut the hell out of taxes, but --  -- but before I can do that -- I would have loved to have put it first, I'll be honest -- there is one more very important thing that we have to do, and we are going to repeal and replace horrible, disastrous Obamacare. 
If we leave Obamacare in place, millions and millions of people will be forced off their plans, and your senators just told me that in your state you're down to practically no insurers. You're going to have nobody. You're going to have nobody. And this is true all over. The insurers are fleeing. The insurers are fleeing. It's a catastrophic situation, and there's nothing to compare anything to because Obamacare won't be around for a year or two. It's gone. So it's not like, oh, gee, they have this. Obamacare is gone.
Premiums will continue to soar double digits and even triple digits in many cases. It will drain our budget and destroy our jobs. Remember all of the broken promises? You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan. Remember the wise guy -- remember the wise guy that essentially said the American people -- the so--called architect -- the American people are stupid because they approved it? We're going to show them.
Those in Congress who made these promises have no credibility whatsoever on healthcare.  And remember this -- remember this: If we took, because there's such divisiveness -- and I'm not just talking now, with me. There was with Obama. There was with Bush. The level of hatred and divisiveness with the politicians. I remember years ago, I'd go to Washington -- I* was always very politically active -- and Republicans and Democrats, they'd fight during the day and they go to dinner at night. Today, there's a level that nobody has seen before.
Just remember this: If we submitted the Democrats' plan, drawn everything perfect for the Democrats, we wouldn't get one vote from the Democrats. That's the way it is. That's how much divisiveness and other things there are. So it's a problem. But we're going to get it by.
So, I've met with so many victims of Obamacare ---- the people who have been so horribly hurt by this horrible legislation. At the very core of Obamacare was a fatal flaw -- the government forcing people to buy a government--approved product. There are very few people -- very few people.
By the way -- watch what happens. Now you just booed Obamacare. They will say, Trump got booed when he mentioned -- they're bad people, folks. They're bad people.
Tonight, I'll go home, I'll turn on, I'll say -- listen, I'll turn on that television. My wife will say, darling, it's too bad you got booed. I said, I didn't get booed. This was a -- I said, no, no, they were booing Obamacare. Watch, a couple of them will actually do it, almost guaranteed. But when we call them out, it makes it harder for them to do it. So we'll see. It's the fake, fake media. We want Americans to be able to purchase the health insurance plans they want, not the plans forced on them by our government. 
The House has put forward a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare based on the principles I outlined in my joint address, but let me tell you, we're going to arbitrate, we're going to all get together and we're going to get something done. Remember this -- if we didn't do it the way we're doing it, we need 60 votes so we have to get the Democrats involved. They won't vote, no matter what we do, they're not going to vote. So we're doing it a different way, a complex way. It's fine. The end result is when you have phase one, phase two, phase three -- it's going to be great. It's going to be great.
And then, we get on to tax reductions, which I like.  The House legislation does so much for you. It gives the states Medicaid flexibility. And some of the states will take over their healthcare. Governor Rick Scott in Florida said, just send me the money -- they run a great plan. We have states that are doing great. It gives great flexibility.
Thank you, folks. Thank you.  It repeals hundreds of billions of dollars in Obamacare taxes. It provides tax credits to purchase the care that is rightfully theirs. The bill that I will ultimately sign -- and that will be a bill where everybody is going to get into the room and we're going to get it done -- we'll get rid of Obamacare and make healthcare better for you and for your family. 
And once this is done, and a step further, we are going to try and put it in phase three -- I'm going to work on bringing down the cost of medicine by having a fair and competitive bidding process. 
We welcome this healthcare debate and its negotiation, and we're going to carry it out, and have been carrying it out, in the full light of day -- unlike the way Obamacare was passed. Remember, folks, if we don't do anything, Obamacare is gone. It's not like, oh, gee, it's going to be wonderful in three years. It's gone. It's gone. It's gone. Not working. It's gone. What we cannot do is to be intimidated by the dishonest attacks from Democratic leaders in Congress who broke the system in the first place and who don't believe you should be able to make your own healthcare decisions. 
I am very confident that if we empower the American people we will accomplish incredible things for our country -- not just on healthcare, but all across our government. We will unlock new frontiers in science and in medicine. We will give our children the right to attend the school of their choice, one where they will be taught to love this country and its values.  We will create millions and millions of new jobs by lowering taxes on our businesses, and very importantly for our workers, we're going to lower taxes. 
And we will fight for the right of every American child to grow up in a safe neighborhood, attend a great school, and to graduate with access to a high-paying job that they love doing. 
No matter our background, no matter our income, no matter our geography, we all share the same home. We all salute the same flag. And we all are made by the same God. 
It's time to embrace our glorious American destiny. Anything we can dream for our country we can achieve for our country. All we have to do is tap into that American pride that is swelling our hearts and stirring our souls. And we found that out very recently in our last election -- a lot of pride.  We are all Americans, and the future truly belongs to us. The future belongs to all of you. This is your moment. This is your time. This is the hour when history is made. All we have to do is put our own citizens first, and together we will make America strong again.  We will make America wealthy again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. 
Thank you. God bless you. Thank you.  God bless you, everybody. 
Thank you, Ohio. It is so great to be in the great city of Canton.
We just got new polls from Bloomberg and CNN. We're up five points in Ohio, and the LA Times poll has us up 5 points nationwide.
The people of the United States are ready for change. They're ready to discard a failed political establishment that disdains, disrespects and looks down on hardworking people.
This election is about a choice between the control of an arrogant ruling class in Washington D.C. versus the hopes and dreams of everyday citizens.
For years, our leaders have looked out only for themselves.
There is no greater example of this in our country than Flint, Michigan. The city of Flint was once known as Buick City. More than 80,000 workers were employed by GM in 1970 -- today, its less than 8,000. Forty percent of the city's residents are living in poverty. Violent crime is among the nation's highest.
Today I went to Flint, Michigan to address the water crisis. The water crisis in Flint demonstrates failure at every single level of government.
It's tragic and it's heartbreaking, and it should never happen in the United States of America.
This is the catastrophe that happens when we build up other countries instead of our own.
It used to be cars were made in Flint and you couldn't drink the water in Mexico. Now, the cars are made in Mexico and you can't drink the water in Flint.
We are going to turn this around. We are going to bring our jobs back and protect our people.
Driving through the city you see the shuttered homes and businesses, the dilapidated infrastructure.
This is what our politicians have done to this city, this is what our politicians have done to America.
But nowhere has the pain been worse than our inner cities. Democratic politicians have ran our inner cities for 50, 60, 70 years. Their policies have produced massive poverty, joblessness, and failing schools.
They've trapped Americans in suffering for years, and I'm running to offer a better future. Lower crime, better schools, more jobs -- safety, security, opportunity.
Now, I understand there are going to be some people in these communities who aren't planning on voting for me right now. I will campaign hard for their votes -- we can't stay the course our country is on. If you keep voting for the same people, you'll keep getting the same results.
I am willing to campaign anywhere. I am willing to go anywhere, visit anywhere, even if some voters openly oppose me in a community I will go there and ask them for their support.
Hillary Clinton calls people who aren't supporting her deplorable and irredeemable. I call people who aren't supporting me American citizens who are entitled to the same respect as anyone else -- and I will not stop campaigning for every last American vote, in every last American community, right up until November 8th.
I will take my message to communities that are 99% Democrat, or that have voted Democrat for generations. I am running to be President for all Americans, to represent all Americans, and to liberate our poorest citizens from crime and poverty and violence.
The economic policies of Hillary Clinton -- on trade, on the economy, on immigration -- have devastated the inner cities of America. Her policies are the problem; we are offering the solution.
Hillary Clinton believes in globalism -- taking jobs from Flint and moving them to other countries. I am not running to be President of the world -- I am running to be President of the United States. I am running to bring hope to Flint, to Canton, and to every party of this country.
If we don't break free from our partisan boxes, then nothing will ever change -- it's time to vote for America and America First.
Hillary Clinton's refugee plans will cost $400 billion dollars in the long-term. That's enough money to rebuild the entire water infrastructure of the United States.
President Obama just announced a 30% increase to refugee admissions, bringing the total to 110,000 refugees in just one single year.
Instead of providing free healthcare and jobs to millions of refugees, we need to rebuild our inner cities and take care of Americans.
Our support comes from every part of America, and every walk of life. You are cops and soldiers; mechanics and accountants; young and the old; black, white and Latino. You are moms and dads, children and grandparents, you are from cities small and large and in-between. But above everything else, you are all Americans.
Hillary Clinton's attacks on you display the same sense of arrogance and entitlement that led her to violate federal law as Secretary of State, hide and delete her emails, destroy her phones with a hammer, put classified information in the reach of our enemies, lie to Congress, and sell government favors and access through the Clinton Foundation.
Now the people who destroyed the emails are all pleading the fifth amendment in front of Congress.
There is no greater threat to Democracy than when a public official puts their office up for sale. Look at what she did with Russian Uranium, or with UBS bank, or with the contracts in Haiti.
Hillary Clinton's record as Secretary of State is one of historic failure. Just look at what she did to the Middle East -- in Iraq, in Syria, in Libya. Not to mention her failures in Russia, China and North Korea.
One failure after another -- all while raising millions and millions from her friends in Wall Street.
The policies of Hillary Clinton have produced only destruction overseas and poverty at home.
1 in 5 American households do not have a single member in the labor force. Another 14 million people left the labor force entirely since 2009. And the national debt has doubled.
I am running to reverse these policies, and to create a future of prosperity for all Americans.
My economic agenda can be summed up in three words: jobs, jobs, jobs.
That begins with a new America-First trade policy.
Hillary Clinton's bad judgement was seen in her support for Bill Clinton's NAFTA, her support for China's entry into the World Trade Organization, and her support for the TPP -- she called it the "Gold Standard."
Ohio has lost nearly 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, and 1 in 4 since China entered the WTO.
Our trade deficit in goods with the world is now nearly $800 billion dollars.
I will renegotiate NAFTA, I will defend your jobs, and I will bring back vehicle production to the United States of America.
America's trade deficit with the proposed TPP member countries cost the state of Ohio more than 100,000 manufacturing jobs last year. Imagine how many more jobs would be lost if TPP was actually approved -- which Hillary Clinton 100% would do if she ever got the chance.
We won't let that happen. But you have to get out and vote.
My first day in office, I am also going to order a review of every single regulation issued over the last eight years. All needless, job-killing regulations will be cancelled. Millions of new jobs will come pouring in.
We are going to lift the restrictions on American energy.
Also on my first day, I am going to ask Congress to send me a bill to immediately repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare.
I will fight for you against the special interests, against the corrupt politicians, and against the powerful insiders. Let me be your champion.
In all things, it's time to put Americans first -- and start taking care of each other.
Yesterday, I rolled out a plan to help our mothers and our families get affordable, quality childcare for their children.
On policy after policy, we are going to bring opportunity and prosperity to all Americans.
I am going to lower you taxes; I am going to get rid of massive amounts of unnecessary regulations, on business and in your life; I'm going to repeal and replace Obamacare; I'm going to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will follow the Constitution; I'm going to rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; I'm going to save your 2nd amendment ; I'm going to stop illegal immigration and drugs coming into our country, and yes, we will build the wall ; and I'm going to, so importantly, renegotiate your horrible trade deals, especially NAFTA -- which is the single worst trade deal ever made by any country anywhere in the world and a one-way street for jobs out of the United States -- and we will make great trade deals that put the American worker first.
And Apple, and our other major companies, will start making their iPhones, computers and other products inside of the United States -- not in China, and all over the world.
We don't make our products anymore in the United States, but we will again -- like never before.
We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals. We will rebuild our water infrastructure, and our EPA will abandon political agendas and focus on its core mission: clean air and safe water.
American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.
American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.
American hands will rebuild this nation -- and American energy, mined from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.
We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.
I will fight for every neglected part of this nation -- and I will fight to bring us all together as One American People.
Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.
It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.
Jobs will return, incomes will rise, and new factories will come rushing back to our shores.
Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.
We Will Make America Wealthy Again.
We Will Make America Safe Again.
And Will Make America Great Again.
Well, thank you very much. And he's not 68-years-old, he's actually 95, right? But he's been mining for 68 years safely. It's fantastic.   I thought he looked pretty good at 68. He looks really good at 95, I'll tell you that.
So I want to thank everybody. It's fantastic to be here. We've had a tremendous response from the miners.
And you look at West Virginia, what happened there during the primaries. It was a massive landslide for Trump. And it was very interesting because after winning New York, here we are standing on 5th Avenue and I said -- and the all just incredible street of New York. And for some reason, and it had nothing to do with West Virginia, I just said it because I was seeing what was happening with this industry.
And I said in this, you know, really such a different location, that we are going to put the miners back to work. And I said that during my speech. And...   And by the way -- and I meant it.
And then a number of weeks later, I went to West Virginia and we had a big, huge building, actually. And it was packed and there were thousands and thousands of people -- tends of thousands of people outside. And you've never seen so many people. It was like love, like absolute love the way they showed up, the miners.
And you know, we did so well there, it was something I won't forget. I mean, it was really incredible. And I pulled over some of the folks because afterwards, I was talking to some of the people and some of the mine owners who have been really decimated and really, in many cases, destroyed by regulation and by what they're doing to the mines. And you look at all the mines that have been closed up.
But I brought over some of the miners and we were talking after the speech, and I said, Could I ask you like would you ever think of maybe leaving and going into a different industry I so understood that. It was so incredible. And they all said it like at the same time. They want to be miners, but their jobs have been taken away and we're going to bring them back, folks.
We're going to bring them back.   The -- the U.S. -- I just took a look at this. Somebody just handed -- the U.S.
has lost nearly 200,000 mining jobs since 2014 -- 2014, and that's not a long period of time; 200,000 jobs. The senator brought up a fact and a couple of the folks brought this up, and it's a fact that nobody's heard. But during times of national problems. We're talking about the defense of our country.
Having those minds and having that potential energy source available to us is an awfully important thing. It's an awfully important thing. And nobody thinks in terms of that, they don't think in terms of that.   And I fully -- and I fully understand that.
But it's been an honor. We just met with some of the folks. We're really representative, I would say. Senator, I would say representatives from every aspect of the business, right? And it was amazing.
It was really amazing. These are great people, they're great Americans. They love this country. And if I get in -- if I get in, I mean you know, it's -- it's -- if I get in this is what it is, OK?   And -- and other forms of energy, all forms of energy.
But what they've done to the minors is incredible and the Obama Administration. And you remember and I think you might've just seen it.   Yes, know what they've done and nobody knows, you know clean call, nobody knows. While you look at what's happening with China, the amount of energy they're producing and what they're using coal for, tremendous amounts of -- just tremendous.
It's like incredible. They're not cleaning it. Believe me, they're not cleaning it. We have a small, a very, very small planet compared to the universe, right? And that stuff is going up and they're not cleaning it.
And here we produce great stuff and we're not allowed to use it. And its getting worse and worse. So they're gonna be out of business soon. Hillary Clinton will be worse than Obama.
You know it, she'll be worse.   Don't forget, when she made the statement, gonna put the minds and essentially gonna put the minds and minors out of business, gonna put them out of business. And I guess she forgot about West Virginia, right? She was -- she was going to West Virginia. She forgot about Virginia too, in all fairness, you know.   You know, she had -- she had West Virginia right after -- a short time after that. And you remember when she went into West Virginia she met with that wonderful family and the man -- the miner for many years?
And he was trying to explain to her and she was trying to say well, you know I really wanna keep -- she didn't know, she was groveling. She was groveling, she didn't know what to say. I don't think he was going to be easily convinced, do we agree? Because she said it just like she said and you know she said it was a mistake that she's going to raise taxes in the middle class, you saw that one? Now, maybe she misspoke.
I mean we have to give them a break. But it did come out awfully loud and clear, I -- I don't know. Hey look, hopefully it won't matter, OK? Hopefully it's not gonna matter because she's not gonna get  .   But what I told -- what I told the folks before, we were over at Peterbilt the plant, incredible.
But what I told -- what I told the folks before is -- is that you have to get our and vote. Because the minors to a certain extent they are so down and they've been treated so badly that they haven't been voting. They haven't been going out and voting like they can. And that includes members of their family that have left the mining business, let members of the family -- they've left coal.
They've left everything. And they've gotten into something else and that's fine, that's great. But they live in Virginia and they vote. And their parents are still in the coal world where they wanna be and that's where they wanna be.
But everybody has to get out and vote. If you get out and vote, we're pretty close in Virginia and she's spending a fortune in ads. A friend of mine said he can't see television without seeing anti-Trump ads. And they're not even true.
My friend actually said they're not true. I said, I know." I could go over those ads one by one and show you the - it's fraudulent And it's just one after another, after another. And this guy kiddingly said, I just want to see one Ivory soap ad. One." Just to break it.
And it's just one after another And we haven't spent anything yet. We will be, because we're doing well. But we haven't spent anything yet; we're holding it. But it's really - it's really a shame that they can say whatever they want to say.
They try and demean and defame. And then you look at what she's doing with her e-mails. 33,000 missing e-mails. Yeah, 33,000. It's - it's very sad. And then I guess yesterday, 1,000 came out or something - some fairly vast number. Oh, I want to see the ones - the - what I really would like to see the - we have to see the 33,000. Can you imagine? Remember, she said I think it was for her wedding - the wedding of Chelsea.
And it was for yoga classes. 33,000 e-mails. It's a lot of yoga - it's a lot of yoga. But a couple of very bad ones came out. And it - it's called pay for play. And some of these were really, really bad and illegal. But it's true, it's illegal. You're paying and you're getting things.
I mean I watched yesterday, because of the Apprentice, Blagojevich, right, Governor Blagojevich - 14 years in jail. And you know some people think OK, some people think it's crazy. Look at what she's done - nothing. She's running for president.
But it came out to her people, pay for play. And very big stories today. The problem is, it'll be big stories for about two minutes, and then they're going to drop it because the media is so totally dishonest - so totally...   If that were me - if that were me, the story that just came out this morning - and really, hidden from some of the major newspapers - hidden.
If that were me, that would be biggest story in the history of the various papers. They go quadruple spacing, bomb Trump. But with her, it's - it's just - I mean it - it's - I mean some of them covered it - big league. But some of them are just refusing to really report the facts.
And I think it's gonna get worse and worse though because I assume more stuff will come out. But this was big stuff. Pay for play - it's illegal. I mean it's illegal.
And we'll see what happens with it, folks. We'll see what happens with it. But it's very serious stuff. It's very, very serious. I don't know that it can be any more serious than deleting or getting rid of 33,000 e-mails, and all of the other things - the server - the server, which not allowed to have. The information gotten off that servers by who knows who, probably many people - many countries, potentially. Secretary of State to put us all in that position. So I think it's a very sad thing.
And they give her a pass on everything. Give her a pass. It's so sad when I watch that. And it was point, after point, after point. And everybody was saying wow, they're really going to do it. And then they go, however - as soon as I heard - you know, when you hear the word however. And is was. But it's just -- it's just so incredible that a thing like that could happen.
So let's see what happens. Let's see what happens. In the meantime, we're doing very well. You saw the polls over the last day or two have really tightened up a lot.
I think we're going to have a great victory. I really feel it.   One of -- one of the things I suggested is your ballots. You go and sign -- do it early so you don't have to -- because on November 8th, we have our big day.
And if you go in an sign, we have some people in the room now that I've met before that are going to be pushing hard. But put in your ballots. They have certain requirements and you live by those requirements perfectly. Make sure they don't lose your ballot.
Make sure they don't lose your vote, which I'm sure -- you know, and I just left a great place, North Carolina. And they just had a tremendous loss -- voter ID, voter ID. They lost voter ID. How do you lose voter ID? You mean, you don't have to show identification? You don't have to show that, hey? And then you say -- you know, I've been talking about the rigged system for a long time.
And I get hammered in the press for talking about it. Oh, I can't believe he'd be talking about the rigged system. And then in the meantime, voter ID, you don't have to do. And I'm sure none of those folks would be voting 10 times during one day, right? I'm sure a thing like that...   But I get -- and really, a big part of the rigged system is the press itself because they can take a little story, that isn't a story, and make it into a big deal. It happens so much, happens so much. And speaking of that, remember this. We have so many things that we have to protect in this country.
We have to protect our Second Amendment, which is under siege.   Remember that. Remember that. It's under siege.   Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We have to -- you know, I see -- and by the way, we have a lot of unity in the Republican Party, but nobody talks about it.
If one senator says we're not voting for Trump, never Trump, some people were beaten so badly that they, you know, they just can't get it. And I understand that. I mean, I can see that could happen. So, you know, they've won throughout their lives politically, and then they lose an election by a lot to a guy that never ran before.
OK? I never ran before. Never thought I'd be doing it this time, either, but I watch what's going on and I say, it's time.   It's time. Boy is it time, right?   You know, I look at the Iran deal.
How about the $400 million in cash? How about that? How about that? The $400 million -- do you know what that is? Does anybody know what that would even look like -- 400? And did you see Iran actually finally did do what I thought they were going to do. They released pictures, because they want to embarrass the United States, just like they took the 10 sailors and they made us look so bad. They made us look so bad. It was like a humiliation of our country.
OK? This is horrible. And then we keep going and going. And you saw what their so-called leader -- somebody would say the supreme leader. I refuse to use that term.
President Obama would say the supreme leader. What is going on, folks? What is going on with our leaders? And with our leader, in particular? He is grossly incompetent. OK? Grossly incompetent.   So -- so their $400 million in cash going, it happens to be the same day as the hostages were released.
The hostages were in the airport for massive amounts of time. And I guess one of them said they wouldn't let us go because they were waiting for a certain plane to come in. And I just can't imagine what was on that plane, right? We can't imagine. I'm sure it had nothing to do with the $400 million.
But isn't that unbelievable? And then he'll stand up and he'll say that one thing had nothing to do with the other. And then practically I guess you could say there's a one or two percent chance that you know, what he said is right. But that's about it. They would practically -- they're saying -- they're waiting for something else and a plane to come in, right? And they were at the airport forever.
And they say and President Obama said no, this had nothing to do with the hostages. And you know if you remember with Obamacare, he said you can keep your plane, you can keep your doctor. You have your doctor, you have your plan -- how many times he said it, 28 times or something? And many Democrats approve that disaster, it's a disaster. We're gonna repeal it and replace it  .   But many, many Democrats -- many, many Democrats would not have -- you know, won by almost nothing, the margin was almost nothing. And a lot of Democrats approved it, they didn't want to approve it. But you know, with the doctor and the plan and over and over again a lot of pressure put on. And it's out of control.
Premiums are going up at a rate that nobody has ever seen before. You know, in Texas through Blue Cross Blue Shield they just had almost a 50 percent increase. And they -- the big increase is now going to come on November 1st. And they're trying to delay it 'till after the election because it is catastrophic.
It is going to be an increase like never before. I'm hearing numbers that I don't even wanna say because the press will say oh, that's terrible, he exaggerated. There's not gonna be an exaggeration. Its going to be election changing.
And we can't let those numbers be released on another date sometime after the election. Because it will show what a total disaster Obamacare is, so important. So I just say to all of the politicians in the room and your great congressman who is a terrific guy -- where is he by the way  ? Oh, congressman stand up. Stand up.   Vote for him, he's out guy.   Stand up Senator, come on Senator.   Now, we have -- we have great people, here. So right now they're swimming uphill but with Trump we'll be just sliding beautifully down.
It'll be a whole different deal. It'll be a whole different deal. And it can happen quickly. It can happen -- we discussed that, we had a big meeting and we discussed it.
It's gonna happen very quickly it doesn't need to go through Congress and doesn't need to go through lots of different things. EPA is very important what they've done and we want -- everybody agrees? We want clean air and we want clean water, do we agree? I want.   So I very much appreciate the meeting, it was a great meeting. I just wanna say that Virginia has lost one in three manufacturing jobs since NAFTA.
Now, NAFTA was signed by Bill Clinton. NAFTA is a disaster. It's been a disaster not only for Virginia but for virtually every state. Upstate New York, it looks like a war zone.
That's why I won so much and I go the upstate vote in numbers that nobody's seen before. Upstate New York, you go to New England, you see the factories, these beautiful old factories that you see they were once thriving. Thousands and thousands of people working and those people now are doing part time jobs. They're working two jobs, they're making less money than they made 18 years ago.
I don't know if you saw that statistic where people, and people in this room too, but where people are making less money now in real wages than they made 18 years ago and even longer. And they've gotten older, gotten older, and they're working harder, not supposed to be that. It's supposed -- hey, of course I've gotten older and I'm working harder too to be honest with you.   I didn't need this.
I could have enjoyed myself a lot.   Oh, getting older, we're working -- it's supposed to be the other way, right? We're getting older and starting to relax. No, it's not work, I don't know, I don't know that like that -- I love what I'm doing. I have been all over this country.
We have the greatest people. Anywhere in the world, the greatest people.   And I have the greatest supporters. We have the most loyal supporters and the smartest.
You know they always like demean everything, they try to demean supporters, they're always trying to put a little knock, you know little shots, boom, boom, boom. We've got the smartest, we've got the most loyal, we've got the hardest working, we have the best people. They like to demean.   But we have amazing, just amazing people and I've seen this all over the country and we can start making Apple computers in our country, OK folks?
We can start building, we can start building.   You know we go to China, and you'd think even the shipping costs, when you just think of it, the shipping costs, I mean how much of a difference, we can -- and you bid it all to different states and you'll get the good deal from somebody, just keep it in our country. When they close plants and they move to Mexico and then a company builds in Mexico, whatever product they're making and then they think they're going to sell the product back into the United States. All of their people have been fired, every single one of them have been fired. And they're now using people from another nation to make the same product.
And you know what, they think they're going to sell it across our border, which by the way will become a very powerful, very strong border, OK it's no long going to be a piece of Swiss cheese.   And they think they're going to sell it across the border. No tax, no nothing, sell it to wherever it came from. Let the people that got laid off buy it and now maybe they're unemployed, maybe they're two jobs, and they're making less, right, as we said.
And, not going to happen folks. And I've watched for years as our government, which is I guess you could say stupid, but honestly not so stupid. They're controlled by special interests. When you see companies moving over to Mexico, and other places...   They're controlled by special interests. They're controlled by lobbyists, they're controlled their donors who have big chunks of companies or own the whole company. Because these aren't stupid people, our politicians. Some are but we have a genius right over here, that's all I care.
Some are, but a lot of them are just controlled because that's the way the system works. So you think that, you know, like a friend of mine asked me a few weeks, how did a deal like this get approved? It's impossible. Unless -- you know there's no way, there's a certain deal that happened with the government. And he said how is it possible? And he's a little naive and I said well it's possible because that company has total control over the politicians that have to approve.
Now, I spent like over $50 million, substantially over 50 million in the primaries, my own money. I spent a lot of money now in the general election and I'm spending a lot of money for myself. We're also raising a lot of money. We're also getting a lot of money.
Don't worry. You don't have to give. Don't give. We're going to straighten this place out.
OK? We're going to straighten this place out. But, you know, we have a lot of small donors -- $61, I think, average. We raised millions of dollars. In June, we raised actually $51 million, of which like $27 million was small donors -- $27 million.   And last month, we raised $82 million, of which much of it was small -- I love the small donations -- to me, the best. And so I'm spending a lot of money from myself. I'm raising a lot of money for the Republican Party. But the beautiful thing is the people that are giving those small dollar donations -- $61 average -- because those people are invested in the campaign.
They want to see -- they get out and vote 100 percent. They get out there and they vote, and it's so important. And a Republican generally doesn't have that. You know who had it? Bernie Sanders had it.
He raised a lot of money with that. And we have a different side of the ledger, but we have the same thing. I mean, we have a tremendous amount. People are shocked.
In fact, newspapers that truly hate me put it on the front page. They couldn't believe that. They actually were very nice about it. Because, you know, the month before, we raised nothing.
I wanted to make sure I got the nomination, if you don't mind. OK. You know. I wasn't going to go wild.
But once we started, we started in June. And in June, I think we did $51 million and then we did $82 million, and now we have very good numbers coming in again. So we're -- we're equipped. We have to get the people out.
We have to get them out to vote. But we're equipped. We're going to do a job for you folks and you're going to be really happy in Virginia. OK?   And I'm not only talking, by the way, I'm not only talking about the miners.
I'm talking about the whole state. Because look, Virginia has lost one in three manufacturing jobs, right, since NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton. A disaster. Didn't hurt him.
It hurt every other president. That's where the country emptied out. Without an agreement, even aside the existing U.S. trade deficit, with TPP.
TPP -- it's a disaster. Trans-Pacific Partnership is a disaster. It will be as bad, if that's possible. I think NAFTA is the worst economic development deal ever signed by any country, anywhere in the world.
That's how bad it is.   And you know, I said, and it's part of my platform. I made a speech the other day, some of you saw it. I said we're going to renegotiate NAFTA.
And they said, well supposedly, they don't renegotiate. I said that's OK, then we're going out. We're out of it. Because it's sucking our jobs out of the country.
I tell this story because it's such a perfect story. I could go out and hire a consulting firm, pay them a million dollars, and they'll spend months, you know, telling me what's going on with here and Mexico and the different places. Right? But I have much better. I have a friend who builds plants.
I say, how are you doing? He said unbelievable. I said, great, it's going well inn the United States? He's a U.S. guy. He loves this country.
He said, no, Donald, it's going unbelievable in Mexico. He said we're building some of the greatest plants in the world. He said -- he called it the eighth wonder of the world. He said Mexico is the eighth wonder of the world.
I said, how about here? He said, not so good, not so good. Can you believe this? He's an American guys. He wants to build here. But just through years and years -- I think he's the biggest in the world with plants, or just one of them.
But he builds plants. And he's really -- he can't believe what's going on in Mexico. Now, that's better than hiring the consulting firm and saying, tell me how we're doing against Mexico. I mean, I know the answer, because he can give me the answer better than any guy that graduated from the Wharton School of Finance that you're paying a lot of money, and he'll go around and do surveys, right?  It's common sense.
And it costs me nothing. Right? But that's what's happening. That's what's happening. So not only is it the miners, it's -- you know, you look at manufacturing jobs are gone.
But NAFTA's one of the worst deals ever signed by our country, certainly the worst in terms of economic development, what it's done to us. The destruction of manufacturing in Virginia was caused by Bill Clinton's signing of NAFTA. And then she'll come along. And she had a very interesting thing because two days ago in The Washington Post -- I was shocked.
In fact, I had to read the story twice to believe it. They did a story on -- a big story. She was a senator form New York and she made tremendous -- you know, tremendous promises of what she was going to do for New York when she became senator. And she won the race and she was a disaster.
We lost jobs, tremendous numbers of jobs. She said she's going to help rebuild upstate New York and all these places where all these jobs were taken because of NAFTA and bills that her husband signed. The whole thing. But she said she was going to do a great job and it was a disaster.
She was going to create I think it was 200,000 jobs, 200,000 jobs. It was negative. It went to hell. It's all talk.
It's all talk.   And now, she's doing the same thing. She's going to make a job speech or something tomorrow, a speech on the economy. Look at what she did during her term as senator.
Take a look at what happened during her first term. Take a look at what happened. Take a look at the results. What she said -- of all newspapers, it was the Washington Post that did it.
It was like the most devastating article. In fact, I think I'm going to use it on my stump speech because you can't -- it just doesn't get any worse. She promised the world and it went -- went like this. It went down.
And she got virtually no legislation passed. She couldn't get anything passed. It was unbelievable. At the same time, or similar time a little while ago, they had an article about Donald Trump and what I did for New York and Manhattan and the buildings and the revitalization and all of that.
I mean, they gave me a lot of credit for getting it all started and doing great jobs. And I don't want to brag about it, but I'm contrasting that...   And that's what we have to do for our country. We have to renegotiate our trade deals.
We have to bring trade back. We have to bring jobs back to this country. We have to bring jobs back to our country. We're losing our jobs.
I mean, frankly...   Frankly, any form of energy -- and we're losing our factories and we're losing our jobs and we're losing millions of jobs and we're losing thousands and thousands of companies. And they're leaving and they're going to other places. I mean, in particular, in terms of manufacturing, they're going into Mexico.
Look at what's happening with Michigan, where Ford and others are building these massive car plants in Mexico. Folks, they're going to build cars and under Clinton, they're going to just build them there and let them come roaring in and all those jobs -- thousands of jobs. Over 100,000 jobs gone in Michigan -- car jobs. All car jobs.
And -- and I'm going in front of Michigan. I think we have a good chance of winning Michigan, I think, because I've been talking about this for years.   And Hillary wouldn't know what to do. So I just ask people when she makes her speech tomorrow or whenever she's doing it, she'll stand at the teleprompter, she'll spin around a couple of times.
Always a very short speech. Then she gets off the stage, she goes back home, she goes to sleep.  When she's -- when she makes her speech tomorrow -- very limited time. Did you ever notice? Very limited. Everything's very limited.
No -- no effort, no time. Great effort, but doesn't spend any time. She'll make a speech and you'll see her a little while later. I mean, take a look during the primaries.
Take a look at the whole thing. When she goes out and she makes her speech on economic development or on trade or on the economy or whatever she's going to be talking about refer yourself to yesterday. Take a look at the Washington Post. Take a look at the promises she made as a senator from New York and the jobs she was going to create.
Take a look at what happened. It is a wasteland, what's happened up there. Our jobs got sucked away from us. Our factories are falling down, just from the rain and the wind, the ice, the snow.
They're falling down. These plants are falling down. And you could envision 30, 40 years ago, 25 years ago, vibrancy. And now take a look.
But you have to read this story. And I think the biggest shock -- if I read the story anywhere else, because I know the story. I mean, I now she did nothing. She had three minor bills passed.
One was the naming of a building, and very little stuff. She did nothing. But if this were in any other paper, it probably wouldn't have made such a big impact. But this in the Washington Post, one of the most dishonest papers in the world in terms of me, what they say.   You know  . The New York Times actually did a story, and this is sort of amazing. They actually said in way that they're biased toward me. They actually said it.
They said we hate him so much. Essentially, they say we hate him so much, we're going to be biased. And most people have never seen a story like that. Even I was surprised.
You know, normally you'd think they wouldn't want to admit it. They practically admitted it, but you look at it. But look at the Washington Post from two days ago. Look at the story on Hillary Clinton.
Compare that with what she says tomorrow. We're never going to let her escape it. Because everything she says is all talk, no action. It's all talk.
It's no action.   And the funny thing is that she put in a pretty unpopular guy, right? A pretty unpopular guy. So you have Bernie Sanders, who had big -- almost 50 percent of the vote and the whole thing was rigged -- the super delegates and everything else. But regardless, but he did a good job.
The nice thing about Bernie's people is that they agree with me on one thing -- trade. Because he was so against what was going -- these bad trade deals. He just bought a $600,000 house, so he knows something about what's going on. You know, he's got some sense, right? But -- but about trade, we're in agreement.
Now, the difference is I can do something about it. He would not be able to. He'd end it. I want to have trade with other countries, but I want to make great deals for our country.
I want to make great deals for our country.   But she -- she took a person -- did you see how angry he was at the convention? He was so angry because he made a deal. And he made a deal that he wished, in my opinion, he wished he didn't make. Because his legacy would have been amazing if he didn't make a deal.
It would have been a lot different. And on top of everything else, instead of appointing someone that is a little bit like, at least representative of that big faction of the party -- 45 percent. Instead of doing that, she appoints Tim Kaine. OK? Tim Kaine.   You can't get more different. During Tim Kaine's tenure as governor of Virginia, from 2006 -- and you all remember, right? -- it was a disaster -- to 2010, the unemployment rate of Virginia more than doubled. Other than that, he's doing great.   Now, compare that with Mike Pence of Indiana.
He did incredible. He's also incredible.   He's doing great. And the state's going great -- AAA bond rating -- doing great.
And I'll tell you what, Mike Pence really has been fantastic. During Tim Kaine's tenure as governor, the state of Virginia lost 60,000 manufacturing jobs. During Tim Kaine's tenure as governor of Virginia, it averaged only 1.1 percent in real GDP growth. Less than a week after Tim Kaine became governor of Virginia, he proposed a nearly $4 billion tax increase, including a tax increase on people earning as little as $17,000 a year.
So everybody felt the brunt. And I could go on and on. It's -- I could just go on and on talking about his transportation disasters, everything else. And I watched him the other day and he was saying -- you know, he's won elections, but they've always been very close.
He said, Every election I win is very close." That's not a good thing And then I said let me check. And I called up some friends and I -- you know, when they first picked him, I said, Oh by And -- and what happened is -- so during -- during this period of time, I'm saying -- call up a friend, a friend calls me, three of four people call me. I have a lot of property in Virginia. You know, in Charlottesville, we have the property on the Potomac River -- Potomac Falls, Sterling, Loudon County.
We love Loudon County. We have a lot of stuff. We employ a lot of people in Virginia. It's a great place.
Great -- I don't know if you know my Charlottesville place, but it's a fantastic place. It's now a winery. It's one of the largest wineries on the east coast. We have a lot of employees there.
They're going great  Virginia wine, which has become a very big thing. And...   So I have a big -- I have a big stake in Virginia. We have a lot of -- a lot of different property in Virginia.
These two places are incredible. They're incredible places. But I figured she was going to pick somebody that was unbelievable. So I heard she picked somebody from Virginia, an ex- governor.
I said, Oh man He had negative growth. I mean, think of it. He raised your taxes by $4 billion. It was like a catastrophic governorship.
And I don't get it. I don't get it. And everybody said to me, yeah, he wasn't very popular. And then I heard him talking how he's won races and every time, he prides himself on having just won.
So I actually think he's going to be a negative in Virginia, not a positive. I really do.   I really do. But you know what? I wish him luck.
I wish him luck. Whatever, whatever. But look, here's the story, folks. We have an election which is I think going to be the most -- and I know they say this -- everybody says it every four years.
I thought it actually four years ago. But this is going to be -- I think it's our last shot. I know this. It is the last shot for the miners.
It is the last for the miners. That I know. That I know.   And I'm not like a neutral for the miners.
I'm not like, Oh That was -- it wasn't sitting down talking to the guy who's such a good guy. I've seen him on other programs and really a good representative in so many ways. But that's -- that's the real Hillary and that's what she's going to do. And she'll probably come in and she'll probably come down and see you.
And she'll say oh well, I actually think -- she's -- believe me, folks. That's where she is. I hope you understand that these politicians can say anything they want and get away with it. It's really disgusting, OK? It's really disgusting.   So we're going to open up, we're going to do such a good job. And you know, I understand, you know, I grew up -- my father was a real estate -- I grew up with the carpenters, I grew up with the sheetrockers, I grew up with the plumbers and the policemen and the firemen and the whole thing. That's what I grew up with.   People say gee whiz, you're a rich guy but you get along very well with a lot of carpenters and a lot of electricians.
I said yeah, that's what I did, you know, I mean that's what I did. And these are amazing people. The miners are amazing people, so.   So I -- I really -- and I say it, it's up to you.
You've got to get out and vote. You just don't vote, you know? I don't know why. And I think it's because you've been beaten so badly as an industry, just beaten up so badly. I was talking about it with your congressmen.
Just beaten up so badly that you just don't want to do it. And I can understand. You've got to do it. We've got to give it one shot, you know? Takes you 25 minutes or two minutes or 10 minutes.   You have nothing to lose. You have absolutely nothing to lose, believe me. You will be happy. You will be happy.
You will be absolutely happy. So just a couple of other things. Immigration. We've got to have strong borders or we don't have a country.   Got to have strong borders.   We are going to have a strong border. We are going to have a strong southern border. We are taking in drugs and you're having the problem here big league.
Up in New Hampshire where I won the primary, I got to know the people so well. And their number one problem they told me is heroin. I said heroin? Just doesn't go with the territory. These beautiful trees and lakes and rivers and so beautiful.
Heroin? And it is their number one problem. And now, so many people, their youth is so addicted. And we've got to take care of that. We've got to stop it from coming in, comes in from the southern border.
And I got the -- you probably heard. The border patrol agents, 16,500 border patrol agents endorsed Donald Trump and they've never done it before for a president.   They've never done it before in a presidential -- 16,500. Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona, great guy.
He endorsed Donald Trump.   He probably knows borders better than anybody in the history of the world, right? Sheriff Joe, he's a great guy too. But he endorsed us and we've got to have borders. We've got to stop the drugs from coming in.
We've got to stop illegal immigration. You know, illegal immigrants -- and we will build a wall, don't worry about it, we're going to build a wall. Going to have to, going to have to.   We're going to build a wall and Mexico's going to pay for the wall.
They're going to pay for it.   Just so you understand -- look, some of these politicians would get off stage with me and they'd say you know that you can't build a wall. I said really? China just built 2,000 years ago.  China built a wall 2,000 years ago, 13,000 miles. We have 2,000 miles of which we really need 1,000 miles because you have a lot of natural barriers -- lot of natural barriers.
So you need a 1,000. But we have -- 2,000 years ago, a wall was built, the Great Wall of China. This is a serious wall. OK? This is a very serious wall.
And we have to build 1,000 and we have Caterpillar tractors. We have Caterpillar tractors.   Not Komatsu. We have Caterpillar.
We don't  .   No, no. We have Caterpillar. We're going to start -- remember the old days? Made in the USA, right? Remember, they used to have Made in the USA.
We don't have it anymore.   We're going to have signs just like, you know, they made these signs. I love them, too. But we're going to have signs -- look how beautiful on both sides.
See? We cover them both. You like yellow. You like black. Yellow, black -- beautiful.
We cover a lot of territory, right  ? What a good looking group of people  .   They'll be so happy in a year from now. They'll be so happy. It's going to go fast.   But I will say that -- so we have to build the wall. And we're going to build the wall. But, you know, the politicians would tell me, you can't build a wall. Really, can you build a wall? They don't know.
I mean, I built 90-story buildings. Building buildings is tough. Building a wall, boy, is that easy. Pre-cast -- pschoom.
And every time they fight me, it gets 10 feet taller, right? Every single time it gets 10 feet taller. It goes up. It goes up, up, up. The taller it gets, the safer it gets.   No, we're going to have a wall. And we're going to let people come into our country because we want people to come into our country. But they're going to come into our country legally -- legally.   And then I said Mexico's going to pay for the wall.
Now, we have a trade deficit with Mexico of like close to $60 billion a year. Think of it. Mexico. They're making a fortune.
So these politicians say -- because it's not their deal. It's not their deal. These politicians say, well, OK, maybe you can build it. But how are you going to get Mexico to pay? When you are losing so much money on trade, like we lose to Mexico, it's easy.
The wall is peanuts compared to the kind of numbers we're talking about, where they're taking our jobs and building factories. So easy. But they don't know that. They don't know, because they don't have that instinct.
It's not that they're bad people. Although in many cases, again, they're controlled by people that don't want to see the wall. There are a lot of people that don't want to see that wall built. And those are people that have reason to not want the wall built.
And in many cases, again, they're representing their special interest groups, their lobbyists. Their donors are representing companies where it's not to the advantage to have the wall built. But we're going to build the wall. We're going to stop drugs from coming in.
We're going to stop all of this illegal immigration. And I see a lot of military guys in the room. We have illegal immigrants treated better than our vets in many cases.   And that's going to stop.   We have vets that are treated so badly, the Veterans Administration is a disaster. We're going to take care of our vets. Our military is depleted. It's depleted.
We're going to build up our military. We're using fighters that are 18 years old where they can't even get parts. They have to go to airplane graveyards to get parts for our fighter jets. Two went down last week.
You saw that. So we're going to make a lot of changes, folks; going to make a lot of changes. So we have, just to sum up, Obamacare out.   Repeal and replace.
Very important. Common Core -- we want education local. We're getting rid of Common Core.  We're getting rid of Common Core. And it's obviously not working.
Look at what's happening with our education. Look at where we're ranked worldwide. It's not working, folks. We don't need bureaucrats in Washington telling us how to educate our children in Virginia, OK?   So we don't need it.
Bureaucrats that make a lot of money, by the way. We're going to have strong borders. We're going to make great, great trade deals. We're going to bring jobs back. We're going to make money. We're going to make money for our country. We need money. We're losing a fortune. We're losing almost $800 billion. Think of it, $800 billion a year trade deficits worldwide, $800 billion. It's going to end, folks. It's going to end. We're going to have great relationships with these countries and we're going to trade with these countries, but it's going to be a two- way street, not a one-way street. Right now, it's a one-way street.   It's a one-way street to unemployment. They're stripping us.
They're stripping us of our jobs, they're stripping us of our money. They're taking our manufacturing -- I mean, every time I come to a location, I have statisticians and they give me these numbers. I don't even need the statisticians no matter where I go. I mean, manufacturing way down, always way down.
Not going up, it goes down. Keeps going to down. They're moving to other places. They're moving to other countries. They're moving a lot to Mexico. It's not going to happen anymore, folks. We're going to keep our companies and if they want to move, that's OK, but there is going to be retribution. It's going to be -- there are going to be consequences -- going to be consequences.   They want to sell product into our country, they're going to fire all our people. They want to sell product into our country, they're going to have to -- sadly, they're going to have to pay. You know, I use the case of Carrier. Every single air conditioning unit they make in Mexico, they're going to pay a 35 percent tax.
And you know? You know what's going to happen?   Now, a lot of people don't like to hear that. A lot of the conservatives -- you know the conservatives. You know what's amazing to me? When I say I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA and make it into a good deal from a disastrous deal -- now, you always have to be prepared to walk, so there's a good chance we'll have to walk. But I'm going to make it into a good deal as opposed to a bad deal.
I get bad stories. They said that's terrible. He's going to -- I'm like why? What's terrible? I want to make it a good deal. When I say I want to get the NATO countries to pay up -- they're not paying, right? They're not paying.
Many of them. They're not paying what they're supposed to be paying.   So what I have -- we're supposed to protect these countries. They're taking advantage of the United States.
And I think NATO's a good thing. But they're taking advantage of the United States. They're not paying what they're supposed to be paying. Maybe they're not being asked properly.
But they're not paying. So we protect countries that aren't paying. They've got to pay up. And you know what they -- the money, if you add it all up, you know the kind of numbers we're talking about in this country? I mean, we go from a country that's really bust to a country that can just be incredible -- incredible.
And then I'll get people saying I don't like NATO. I think NATO's wonderful. It was obsolete. I said ti was obsolete because it wasn't covering terrorism properly. And they all laughed and they smiled. They said, Donald Trump said it's obsolete." Well And I also said countries aren't paying up, those two things. But it was obsolete because it wasn't covering terrorism. And then about four months ago, there was a front page story in the Wall Street Journal.
Got a lot of publicity. They smiled and, you know, said, Trump said it's obsolete about terrorism Then, about three months ago, front page here in the Wall Street Journal. NATO to develop terrorism unit. Wow.
I said, Thank you." That's good.  Then they gave me a tiny little mention, like about a quarter of a sentence. Donald Trump was unhappy." But they gave me like a quarter of a sentence. That's OK.
Big progress We've got to fix our infrastructure. We're going to fix our infrastructure so those Peterbilt's aren't going to be running over potholes and having lots of problems. Right? You know what I'm talking about. A friend of mine in the trucking business said the roads have never, ever been so bad.
You know that, right? That the roads have never, ever been so bad. He buys beautiful new equipment and he said what these drivers go through with the potholes and the problems and the bad roads, he said, it's never been like this. We have to rebuild our infrastructure. We have to fix our bridges, our tunnels, our highways, our roads, our hospitals, our schools.
We have so much to do. We've spent -- we've spent in the Middle East -- it used to be -- thank you -- it used to be -- I've been saying for years -- $2 trillion in Iraq. Iraq. We shouldn't have been in Iraq.
I said don't go to Iraq; you're going to destabilize the Middle East. That's exactly what happened, and a lot of other things happened. Hillary Clinton's policies have been a disaster from the time she got -- look at Libya. What did we get out of Libya? I mean, that's been a disaster.
You look at what she's done. You look at the bad decisions that she's made. You look at the bad judgment. Like Bernie Sanders said, she's got bad judgment. You look at the bad judgment. And now we're going to put her in charge of our country? We won't have a country left.   So I just ask the people of Virginia and the people in this room and in particular because we're in such a mining area, give it one more chance. I know you're discouraged.
Give it one more chance. If you're not feeling good, if you're so sick you can't move, if your wife got angry at you and you don't want to get out of the house, say I'm sorry -- I'm just sorry, Charlotte. I'm going out to vote for Trump.   You have to vote.
Give it -- seriously -- give it one more chance. Go out and sign those early ballots. Go out and vote on November 8th. You can sign the ballot and you don't even have to, but give it one more chance. I promise you, you will be happy. OK, fellows? These are tough cookies. I don't want to -- I'm not lying to these guys.   All right. You've got to get them out  . Give it one more chance. And we're going to start winning again as a country. We're going to start winning again.
We're going to win in so many different ways. We're going to make America great again. We're going to make America first. And we're going to make America safe again. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, everybody.   Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
And then I said Mexico's going to pay for the wall. Now, we have a trade deficit with Mexico of like close to $60 billion a year. Think of it. Mexico. They're making a fortune. So these politicians say -- because it's not their deal. It's not their deal. These politicians say, well, OK, maybe you can build it. But how are you going to get Mexico to pay?
When you are losing so much money on trade, like we lose to Mexico, it's easy. The wall is peanuts compared to the kind of numbers we're talking about, where they're taking our jobs and building factories. So easy.
But they don't know that. They don't know, because they don't have that instinct. It's not that they're bad people. Although in many cases, again, they're controlled by people that don't want to see the wall. There are a lot of people that don't want to see that wall built. And those are people that have reason to not want the wall built. And in many cases, again, they're representing their special interest groups, their lobbyists. Their donors are representing companies where it's not to the advantage to have the wall built.
But we're going to build the wall. We're going to stop drugs from coming in. We're going to stop all of this illegal immigration. And I see a lot of military guys in the room. We have illegal immigrants treated better than our vets in many cases. 
And that's going to stop. 
We have vets that are treated so badly, the Veterans Administration is a disaster. We're going to take care of our vets. Our military is depleted. It's depleted. We're going to build up our military. We're using fighters that are 18 years old where they can't even get parts. They have to go to airplane graveyards to get parts for our fighter jets. Two went down last week. You saw that.
So we're going to make a lot of changes, folks; going to make a lot of changes.
So we have, just to sum up, Obamacare out. 
Repeal and replace. Very important. Common Core -- we want education local. We're getting rid of Common Core.
We're getting rid of Common Core.
And it's obviously not working. Look at what's happening with our education. Look at where we're ranked worldwide. It's not working, folks. We don't need bureaucrats in Washington telling us how to educate our children in Virginia, OK? 
So we don't need it. Bureaucrats that make a lot of money, by the way.
We're going to have strong borders. We're going to make great, great trade deals. We're going to bring jobs back. We're going to make money. We're going to make money for our country. We need money. We're losing a fortune. We're losing almost $800 billion. Think of it, $800 billion a year trade deficits worldwide, $800 billion. It's going to end, folks. It's going to end.
We're going to have great relationships with these countries and we're going to trade with these countries, but it's going to be a two- way street, not a one-way street. Right now, it's a one-way street. 
It's a one-way street to unemployment. They're stripping us. They're stripping us of our jobs, they're stripping us of our money. They're taking our manufacturing -- I mean, every time I come to a location, I have statisticians and they give me these numbers. I don't even need the statisticians no matter where I go.
I mean, manufacturing way down, always way down. Not going up, it goes down. Keeps going to down. They're moving to other places. They're moving to other countries. They're moving a lot to Mexico. It's not going to happen anymore, folks. We're going to keep our companies and if they want to move, that's OK, but there is going to be retribution. It's going to be -- there are going to be consequences -- going to be consequences. 
They want to sell product into our country, they're going to fire all our people. They want to sell product into our country, they're going to have to -- sadly, they're going to have to pay. You know, I use the case of Carrier. Every single air conditioning unit they make in Mexico, they're going to pay a 35 percent tax.
And you know? You know what's going to happen? 
Now, a lot of people don't like to hear that. A lot of the conservatives -- you know the conservatives. You know what's amazing to me? When I say I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA and make it into a good deal from a disastrous deal -- now, you always have to be prepared to walk, so there's a good chance we'll have to walk. But I'm going to make it into a good deal as opposed to a bad deal.
I get bad stories. They said that's terrible. He's going to -- I'm like why? What's terrible? I want to make it a good deal. When I say I want to get the NATO countries to pay up -- they're not paying, right? They're not paying. Many of them. They're not paying what they're supposed to be paying. 
So what I have -- we're supposed to protect these countries. They're taking advantage of the United States. And I think NATO's a good thing. But they're taking advantage of the United States. They're not paying what they're supposed to be paying. Maybe they're not being asked properly. But they're not paying.
So we protect countries that aren't paying. They've got to pay up. And you know what they -- the money, if you add it all up, you know the kind of numbers we're talking about in this country? I mean, we go from a country that's really bust to a country that can just be incredible -- incredible.
And then I'll get people saying I don't like NATO. I think NATO's wonderful. It was obsolete. I said ti was obsolete because it wasn't covering terrorism properly. And they all laughed and they smiled. They said, Donald Trump said it's obsolete." Well
And I also said countries aren't paying up, those two things. But it was obsolete because it wasn't covering terrorism. And then about four months ago, there was a front page story in the Wall Street Journal. Got a lot of publicity. They smiled and, you know, said, Trump said it's obsolete about terrorism
Then, about three months ago, front page here in the Wall Street Journal. NATO to develop terrorism unit. Wow. I said, Thank you." That's good. ""hen
They gave me a tiny little mention, like about a quarter of a sentence. Donald Trump was unhappy." But they gave me like a quarter of a sentence. That's OK. Big progress
We've got to fix our infrastructure. We're going to fix our infrastructure so those Peterbilt's aren't going to be running over potholes and having lots of problems. Right? You know what I'm talking about. A friend of mine in the trucking business said the roads have never, ever been so bad. You know that, right?
That the roads have never, ever been so bad. He buys beautiful new equipment and he said what these drivers go through with the potholes and the problems and the bad roads, he said, it's never been like this. We have to rebuild our infrastructure. We have to fix our bridges, our tunnels, our highways, our roads, our hospitals, our schools.
We have so much to do. We've spent -- we've spent in the Middle East -- it used to be -- thank you -- it used to be -- I've been saying for years -- $2 trillion in Iraq. Iraq. We shouldn't have been in Iraq. I said don't go to Iraq; you're going to destabilize the Middle East. That's exactly what happened, and a lot of other things happened.
Hillary Clinton's policies have been a disaster from the time she got -- look at Libya. What did we get out of Libya? I mean, that's been a disaster. You look at what she's done. You look at the bad decisions that she's made. You look at the bad judgment. Like Bernie Sanders said, she's got bad judgment. You look at the bad judgment.
And now we're going to put her in charge of our country? We won't have a country left. 
So I just ask the people of Virginia and the people in this room and in particular because we're in such a mining area, give it one more chance. I know you're discouraged. Give it one more chance. If you're not feeling good, if you're so sick you can't move, if your wife got angry at you and you don't want to get out of the house, say I'm sorry -- I'm just sorry, Charlotte. I'm going out to vote for Trump. 
You have to vote. Give it -- seriously -- give it one more chance. Go out and sign those early ballots. Go out and vote on November 8th. You can sign the ballot and you don't even have to, but give it one more chance. I promise you, you will be happy. OK, fellows? These are tough cookies. I don't want to -- I'm not lying to these guys. 
All right. You've got to get them out . Give it one more chance. And we're going to start winning again as a country. We're going to start winning again. We're going to win in so many different ways. We're going to make America great again. We're going to make America first. And we're going to make America safe again.
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!
Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
"@FoxNews: "We certainly dont want intelligence interfering with politics and we dont want politics interfe "
"@KellyannePolls: Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush.   #.WGvveimVlvw.twitter" Very nice!
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter & star
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Happy Birthday @EricTrump! 
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast & Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich & Hillary
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....
...time for Republicans & Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive & FAR BETTER!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is....
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
"@FoxNews: Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage: Its very dishonest. #Hannity " More dishonest than anyone knows
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
"Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America"   Trump Tower
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION & JOB CREATION.    Trump Tower
"@DanScavino: Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies"
........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare.
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
@CNN just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race & victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
TO ALL AMERICANS- #HappyNewYear & many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA
Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr! _b/
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!
Join @AmerIcan32, founded by Hall of Fame legend @JimBrownNFL32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington, D.C. 
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
My Administration will follow two simple rules: 
'Economists say Trump delivered hope'
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
#MerryChristmas
Happy #Hanukkah
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."  Dishonest!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity."  So true!
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: 
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult & sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
"@mike_pence: Congratulations to @RealDonaldTrump; officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!"
"@Franklin_Graham: Congratulations to President-elect @realDonaldTrump--the electoral votes are in and it's official." Thank you Franklin!
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned & called terrible names!
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
Thank you Alabama! From now on, its going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase: #MadeInTheUSA!
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
"@EazyMF_E: @realDonaldTrump Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"  Thank you!
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch: 
#ThankYouTour2016   Tonight- Orlando, Florida  Tickets:   Tomorrow- Mobile, Alabama Tickets:    Trump Tower
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here:  #ThankYouTour2016
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016  Tickets: 
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!
.@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys!
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch: 
Join me this Saturday at LaddPeebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama!  #ThankYouTour2016   Tickets: 
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
#ThankYouTour2016   Tue: West Allis, WI.   Thur: Hershey, PA.   Fri: Orlando, FL.   Sat: Mobile, AL.   Tickets:    Trump Tower
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman & CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday!
A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true._story.html?utm_term=.7765826ffbc7
Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous & untrue - FAKE NEWS!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B & have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for "State".
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs & together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch: 
Thank you Louisiana! Get out & vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behalf of the people.
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls & send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. 
THANK YOU IOWA! #ThankYouTour2016   Des Moines International Airport (DSM)
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA  10am- Baton Rouge, LA.  Tickets:  7pm- Grand Rapids, MI. Tickets: 
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. Join us! Tickets:  #ThankYouTour2016
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm! #ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA    Trump Tower
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago... 
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: 
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you soon! #ThankYouTour2016
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm!  #ThankYouTour2016  Tickets:    Trump Tower
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
#ThankYouTour2016   12/6- North Carolina   12/8- Iowa   12/9- Michigan    Trump Tower
If the press would cover me accurately & honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development: 
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..
.@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump," the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
Our great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
"@TigerWoods: Cant wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. TW #heroworldchallenge" Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history  and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again! #AmericaFirst
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally.  Join me! Tickets: 
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class'
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross & Todd Ricketts' 
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU! Tickets: 
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation' 
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.' 
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.
"@sdcritic:  @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN There is NO QUESTION THAT #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #CorruptHillary !"
"@FiIibuster: @jeffzeleny Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame! Bad reporter.
"@JoeBowman12: @jeffzeleny just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !"  @CNN still doesn't get it. They will never learn!
"@HighonHillcrest: @jeffzeleny what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! @CNN"
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
of position." Then, separately she stated, "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated & demoralized Dems
Fidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Thanksgiving.
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad & so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise' 
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days.
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
General James "Mad Dog" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Watching the returns at 9:45pm.  #ElectionNight #MAGA   Trump Tower
Still time to #VoteTrump!  #iVoted #ElectionNight   Trump Tower
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Just out according to @CNN: "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
#ElectionDay 
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location:  #ElectionDay #VoteTrump
VOTE TODAY! Go to  to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again! #VoteTrump #ElectionDay
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!    Gerald R. Ford International Airport (GRR)
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now.  Watch NH rally here: 
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.   Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport (AVP)
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont:    Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport (AVP)
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here:  The big vote tomorrow!
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out & VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!!_C3W-1tUxAlJep-jBY
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary & @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare & amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'
'Why Trump'_trump_132272.html
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and  tomorrow! Watch: 
On my way!
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida! Watch here:    Sarasota-Bradenton International Airport (SRQ)
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: 
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA 
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch: 
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT again for everyone! Watch: 
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA!  #ICYMI- watch: 
MONDAY - 11/7/2016  Scranton, Pennsylvania at 5:30pm.   Grand Rapids, Michigan at 11pm. 
Thank you Iowa - Get out & #VoteTrumpPence16!     Sioux City Gateway Airport (SUX)
Van Jones: There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall  It Has to Do With Trade:
Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  #ICYMI watch rally here: 
Thank you Reno, Nevada.  NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst 
Join me live in Reno, Nevada! 
JOIN ME TOMORROW! MINNESOTA  2pm   MICHIGAN  6pm   VIRGINIA  9:30pm 
Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service.  #NationalPoliceWeek Watch: 
Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends!   Happy #MothersDay
I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and you've earned it. 
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!
#WeeklyAddress 
Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch: 
Today, @FLOTUS hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hello, & introduce Melania!
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians & Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo Klimkin. #LetsMakePeace!
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
We finally agree on something Rosie.
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity' 
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure' 
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace! #DrainTheSwamp
Dems have been complaining for months & months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge & jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp
'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers! #NationalTeachersDay
Biggest story today between Clapper & Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence. 
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia & why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
#WeeklyAddress
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
An honor to welcome PM of Australia, @TurnbullMalcolm to America & join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea.
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal & replace of ObamaCare. Make no mistake about it.
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums & deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan & premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE:    The Oval Office
Death spiral! 'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the @WhiteHouse today.
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons!  Watch: 
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs & wealth in our country. EO1:   EO2: 
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans & Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. 
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums & deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders & great optimism!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!
.@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China & its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!
I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs: 
Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov, @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security: 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to the @WhiteHouse today
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Democrats used to support border security  now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
A great great honor to welcome & recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year from each State & territory!
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO: 
Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act' 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS, Melania!  
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system.
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America' Executive Order: 
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance.  Full remarks: 
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20!?accessToken=zwAAAVulCgEgkc9NAoquKPIR59O8S1UoeW_jXA.MEYCIQDo7n1B6DRFfoNghad5hu27qKJp_kNnHuwgcZrwlShquQIhAOgwEKdMfkR6Q8aQW6IjBzEDTh04cx985L8ETZq8Oo8u&sharetype=gift
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation:  #ICYMI- My statement last night at the @WorldJewishCong.
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today: 
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be! #BuildTheWall
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC & NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me & 53% said strong leader.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriends
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first tour of the WH Residence.
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens'  Executive Order: 
WELCOME HOME, AYA! #GodBlessTheUSA
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference: 
We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. 
Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations! 
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension & Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544  Watch
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican Watch
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime & 2nd A.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes & safety!
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!  'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50% _content/politics/political_updates/prez_track_apr17
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles.
"The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. @foxandfriends
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Weekly Address- 
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon!
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share & focus on the threat of terrorism.
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily & predicted victory!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
Great Strategic & Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States. #AmericaFirst
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare & Tax Cuts (Reform).
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for America! #SCOTUS
Thank you @USNavy! #USA
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS, @VP and @SecondLady. #USA
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! 
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship & to strengthening America's long-standing support for Jordan. @KingAbdullahII.
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit & optimism - we will deliver!
Thank you Sean McGarvey & the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017 
.@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHall 
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership between the U.S. and Egypt.
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Thursday!
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
.@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." @FBI
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "Spied on before nomination." The real story.
Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for  #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us & #LIUB. 
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal & Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....
...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.
The failing @nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
We are going to defend our industry & create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put #AmericaFirst & #MAGA!
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' 
It is an exciting time for our country! #WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Lkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yesterday!
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador? #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform.
Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare.
The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws?
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, & fast. We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day. #ThankAVeteran 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse. 
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY!  #MadeInTheUSA Watch here: _O50M
It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence & Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365!
The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest!  
Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood & Ocare!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M.
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! 
Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION & 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU Charter Communications!
Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A great day for American jobs!
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums & deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today!
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep & tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill 
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers & ranchers. Their hard work & dedication are ingrained in our nation's fabric.
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support @NASA's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in their pursuit of discovery!
Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol.  #PassTheBill #MAGA
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA
Congratulations Eric & Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you!
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College & lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
#ICYMI: Weekly Address  
...vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....
Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse!
"The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!
Happy L Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth & future mtgs!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence. 
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 prioritywithout safety there can be no prosperity: 
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee!
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State & U.S. Already happening!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!
Great optimism in America  and the results will be even better!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Meeting w/ Washington, D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here in D.C. Everyone be safe!
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because Senate Dems are delaying!
Healthcare listening session w/ @VP & @SecPriceMD. Watch:  #ReadTheBill:  #RepealAndReplace
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA 
Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations! 
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' 
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA! 
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America & around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 & 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriends
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing & construction jobs in the USA!
Buy American & hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right nowwe're bringing back the JOBS!
45,000 construction & manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program' 
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriends
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando.
We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite!
Weekly Address Join me here: 
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
THANK YOU!
#JointSession #MAGA
Join me live at 9:00 P.M.  #JointAddress 
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American people.
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately & fairly!
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: 
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax & regulation cuts coming!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking  
Going to CPAC!
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
'S&P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' 
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities'
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video: 
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden.
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
Join me at 11:00am: Watch here: 
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule'
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner & husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) out of prison immediately.
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport! Tickets: 
Welcome to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin & Sara! #ICYMIJoint Press Conference:  
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning!
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA & FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace & save healthcare for ALL Americans.
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41' 
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence & @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch: ?v=opufN8wWBoo
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect our country!
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here: 
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's & business women from Canadaand the United States
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau!
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. 
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA & YEMEN
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers & others are being removed!
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea.
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!   
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....
Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinz earlier today.
The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!
LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions! LIVE: 
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Congratulations to our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban'  Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far'
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won'
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs & Sheriffs for your leadership & service. You have a true friend in the @WhiteHouse. We support you!
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men & women who protect & serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU!!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories & sources!
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death & destruction!
When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in & out, especially for reasons of safety &.security - big trouble!
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
We must keep "evil" out of our country!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Thank you, @Samsung! We would love to have you!
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse. 
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
The American dream is back. Were going to create an environment for small business like we havent had in many, many decades!
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: 
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain & Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST
Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you!
Congratulations Secretary Mattis!   The Pentagon
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day:
.@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support!
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan. Thank you for your support!
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
"@romoabcnews: .@DavidMuir first @POTUS interview since taking office.  Tonight on @ABCWorldNews @ABC2020 tonight. "
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people.
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov: 
I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House. Enjoy!   The White House
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!
Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today.
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office.   The Oval Office
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together, we will #MAGA!
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas!
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
TO ALL AMERICANS 
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...
It is time to remember that...
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN! #InaugurationDay #MAGA
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, its going to be #AmericaFirst
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another  but we are transferring...
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family! #Inauguration2017
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
On my way! #Inauguration2017
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
"It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C. #Heroes 
Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday. #Inauguration
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string..." @WSJ
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed & others that jobs are coming back...
Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
"How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It"
"thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
"@drgoodspine: @realDonaldTrump @Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class."
At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!
"@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency." Very dishonest media!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do...
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, & when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANN
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!   Trump Tower
.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!
"@zhu_amy3: @realDonaldTrump It's Morning in America again!!!  Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!!" THANKS!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'    Trump Tower
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election'   Trump Tower
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect & serve our communities 24/7/365!  #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay 
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan.
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford & Fiat C!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
"groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House & Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific & worked really hard. We will return!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen
I am at the @USGA #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations!
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
With all of its phony unnamed sources & highly slanted & even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate & delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
The women played great today at the @USGA #USWomensOpen I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round!
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected & the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you!
President @EmmanuelMacron, Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the #USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon.
Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade, military and security.
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. 
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron!
.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron & Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever.
Great bilateral meetings at lyse Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable.
President @EmmanuelMacron, Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today!
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance, members of the U.S. Military and their families.
Just landed in Paris, France with @FLOTUS Melania.
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border & save lives. Now the full House & Senate must act! 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate & honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
"After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture."
The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
.@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump."
ISIS is on the run & will soon be wiped out of Syria & Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) & MS 13 gangs are being removed.
Remember, when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!
Big wins against ISIS!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down & obstruct!
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,& did!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian & Syrian problems are solved!
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA & FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't....
Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
Thank you @SenatorDole, very kind!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left Chinas President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade & North Korea.
Law enforcement & military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20Summit
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
We will fight the #FakeNews with you!
Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA
Thank you!   Trumps Defining Speech  WSJ Editorial: 
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss. #G20Summit #USA
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinz Abe of Japan & President Moon of South Korea.
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the world.
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH!
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you Poland! #ICYMI, watch here  #POTUSinPoland
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! 
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
#HappyIndependenceDay #July4 #USA
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Really great numbers on jobs & the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel & aluminum dumping!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.
If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border & so much else!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
America's men & women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, & GOOD defeating EVIL! USA
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #AmericaFirst
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in defense of our country.
My use of social media is not Presidential - its MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!
The FAKE & FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won....
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelical friends. See you soon!
Weekly Address #KatesLaw #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct Statement: 
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC & @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150
America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American space leadership!
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely with....
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, businesses, & automakers.
Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs & TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true energy REVOLUTION.
When it comes to the future of Americas energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT. #EnergyWeek
Statement on House Passage of Kates Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
"Mattis Says Trumps Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria"
Join me LIVE with @VP, @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt.  #UnleashingAmericanEnergy
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!  #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives
Today, the House votes on two crucial bills: #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw Pass these bills & lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw & No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety first! #SaveAmericanLives
From my first day in office, weve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks: 
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up.
Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more: 
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs  to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Congratulations!
#ICYMI- on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks: 
The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well & want victory for U.S.
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS & ABC? What about the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on "Russia," with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, & WIN!
From @FoxNews "Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election."  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash & burn!
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion & no obstruction. I should be given apology!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke," he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums & deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
WEEKLY ADDRESS
Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise to our #AmericanHeroes!
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!
.@FLOTUS & I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening & tradition. @MarineBand: 
We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues.   "@ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation"
...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea...
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump & Russia.
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY!
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work!
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
Thank you @FoxNews "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election."
Things are looking great for Karen H!
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence. 
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: 
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote "R"
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: 
It was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela & Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon. 
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. ?story_id=101102
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for their assistance.
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba" Memorandum
"Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba" Video:  Transcript: 
Great news! #MAGA
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic & jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations & committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians,"  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
#CongressionalBaseballGame
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump & @GovWalker.  Remarks: 
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, & had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- & they talk about obstruction?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, & dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I look forward to signing it!
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Congratulations to the 2016 @ClemsonFB Tigers! Full ceremony:  #NationalChampions
Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and bring real change to D.C.
Congratulations!   'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania'
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting. #OrlandoUnitedDay
Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills & regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling & energy sector...
America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek 
Time to start building in our country, with American workers & with American iron, aluminum & steel. It is time to put #AmericaFirst
It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, & yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY Ohio! #InfrastructureWeek
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit. #InfrastructureWeek
An honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday. In America, we don't worship government. We worship God. #FaithandFreedom
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling & Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you!
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare & also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We cant tolerate substandard care for our vets.
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative   Watch
Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders, including @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr, @GOPLeader, @JohnCornyn & @SteveScalise. #USA
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay #Heroes
...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally! 
.@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best!  
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
.@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - & seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!"
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
#WeeklyAddress
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst 
Join me live at the @WhiteHouse.  
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook & even Dems & DNC.
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyn Xun Phc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at: 
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal & replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
...case against him & now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan..." Witch Hunt!
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  Enjoy!
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. & how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO & military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families & God bless the USA!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging & demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems & Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names....
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
...."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field."
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella. #G7Taormina
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront & defeat this evil
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania.  #G7Summit #USA
Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #POTUSAbroad #USA
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve. #NATOMeeting #NATO
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon!
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEACE in our world.
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican & Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi.
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom.
Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation to join you today! 
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit   Replay  #RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen & women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES! #ArmedForcesDay
Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad
#WeeklyAddress 
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek" Proclamation #ThankACop #LESM
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today! Joint Press Conf
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign & Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017! 
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoan, to the @WhiteHouse today!
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April'
I have been asking Director Comey & others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism.
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and #PoliceWeek Proclamation: 

Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD, and we will do it with American WORKERS, American GRIT, and American PRIDE!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together, we are making the economy great again!
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site, where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined!
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state & local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
....In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkins service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL!
....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
.@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Lets now focus on our important security relationship.
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis!
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy!
Great news! #MAGA
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
.@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called, What Really Happened. Enjoy! #MAGA
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25, 2018, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy 
Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you!
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...dont believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame & fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA, the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!
Because of the $700 & $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall, with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country, is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nations loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron!
As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again, I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills!
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill.  1:00 P.M.
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL, which is desperately needed for our National Defense, is not fully funded.
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign & Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
I am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job & will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9.
My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA
As a candidate, I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect American workers, and defend our national security.  Today, we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment. 
Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds, but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillarys large and highly sophisticated staff. Well, not saying that anymore!
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesnt know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Dont threaten people Joe!
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didnt care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military, $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment.
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didnt have the smarts. Obama and Clinton tried, but didnt have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice!  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs. Should have sought review.
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them, and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
.@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 A.M.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I dont believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...? He said strongly never, no. He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends.
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wifes campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more!
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice & State. #DrainTheSwamp
Happy #StPatricksDay
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada, and its unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller, who is doing a really good job, could run for Senate unopposed!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the ShamrockBowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House 
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse!
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesnt like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating), but they do...they almost all do...and thats how I know!
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic & Financial Success, with low taxes, unparalleled innovation, fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible @USNavy.
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
Thank you for hosting! #MAGA
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nations crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST & we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America!
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back!
If we dont have a wall system, were not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL & prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country & the people of our country. We must enforce our laws & protect our people! #BuildTheWall
Californias sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous & violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies, set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime, drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California!
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @Astros to the @WhiteHouse! #HoustonStrong
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes, weak on Crime and Border.
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
....On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support (to put it mildly).
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry, subject to State Law. Armed guards OK, deterrent!.......
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are somewhat low. They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department, Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully, Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access.
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
Epic crowd in Moon Township, Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @Saccone4PA18. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally! 
The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs on Steel & Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers & tariffs on U.S. products going in, we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not, we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
In the first hours after hearing that North Koreas leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end, the press was startled & amazed.They couldnt believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what, who cares!
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!
Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is running for Congress. Big & happy crowd (why not, some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also, tough on crime & border. Loves 2nd A & VETS
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
Spoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we dont have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally, the great nation of Australia!
Thats right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. Its about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST!
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18. Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGA
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States    Proclamation:  Remarks: 
Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States   Proclamation:  Remarks: 
Great meeting with @Cabinet at the @WhiteHouse today! #MAGA
Happy #InternationalWomensDay  First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect & build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends  and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies & Leadership. Must WIN again!  #MAGA
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies & leadership. Must win again!  #MAGA
Great couple, great book!
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years, a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope, but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that President Trump has the right to end DACA. President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem, and didnt. I am waiting for the Dems, they are running for the hills!
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we dont have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)!
We will see what happens!_report/status/970627841535520769
We are getting it done - jobs and security!_report/status/970618970087636994
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come & go, and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos, only great Energy!
Its March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just dont care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies & jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new & fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, its time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something, and especially since this is for the American People!
If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there, we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our very stupid trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. Theyve gone CRAZY!
Happy National Anthem Day!
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM!
When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50%, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO, not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!
We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DONT HAVE STEEL, YOU DONT HAVE A COUNTRY!
Eric, we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V.
Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me was agony. Alec, it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond, funnier and a far greater talent!
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with, trade wars are good, and easy to win. Example, when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute, dont trade anymore-we win big. Its easy!
Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
Jobless claims at a 49 year low!
Together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic. Full Opioid Summit: 
Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000
Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country, companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free, fair and SMART TRADE!
Many ideas, some good & some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years, a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland, we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting: 
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored.   We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land, the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God.
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida, Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles, to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium, to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957...
Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham  an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of Gods grace.
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isnt the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. Were blown away, said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume & spectrum of issues.
Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
.@SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasnt the politically correct thing to do, and I back him now. Also, AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning, he is Trumps Man in Texas. Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar, and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low.
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.
WITCH HUNT!
Weve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because hes exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just dont see it.  Judge Ken Starr
Ive been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just dont see the evidence....in terms of the collusion, its all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.  Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
Hes got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clintons criminality at her own hands, or through others, that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that. @judgenapolitano on @marthamaccallum Show
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts @FoxNews  So, what else is new. He is a total phony!
Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump @FoxNews  Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen).
Dems are no longer talking DACA! Out of sight, out of mind, they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesnt care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept & have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big & very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.
So true Wayne, and Lowest black unemployment in history!
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done!
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @WhiteHouse!  Press Conference: 
Our nations motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week, our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds, the voice, the energy, and the profound faith of Billy Graham! #CPAC2018
We salute our great American flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance, and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018
For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country.
CPAC Today!
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question. @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. Thats why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse with State and local leaders, law enforcement officers, and education officials.  There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe, and we will deliver!
On behalf of an entire Nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA #Olympics
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety.  Next week it will be with our Nations Governors. Its been many years of all talk, no action. Well get it done!
What many people dont understand, or dont want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing.                  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
....If a potential sicko shooter knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting, the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards wont go there...problem solved. Must be offensive, defense alone wont work!
....History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police & first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A gun free school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
I never said give teachers guns like was stated on Fake News @CNN & @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers, a lot, would now be able to
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students, teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!  Full Listening Session: ?v=vKblXAikzEc
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry.
Yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders, and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers, the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why arent they the subject of the investigation? Why didnt Obama do something about the meddling? Why arent Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
Whether we are Republican or Democrat, we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
So true, thank you!
Bad ratings @CNN & @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. "This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic, they are ready to grow their businesses."
....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesnt @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only @FoxNews so reported...doesnt fit the Mainstream Media narrative.
A woman I dont know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new pushed Congressional Map, all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary. Your Original was correct! Dont let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes & waste money!
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. Youve come a long way Matt!
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually, they want to raise you taxes, substantially. Also, they want to do nothing on DACA, Rs want to fix!
....The President Obama quote just before election. Thats because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didnt want to rock the boat. When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig Americas elections, theres no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time, and so Id invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes. .....
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
The Faith of Donald Trump, a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country, reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great, and Regulations & Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS
.@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to @OrrinHatch, and has my full support and endorsement!
Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didnt he do something about Russian meddling?
Have a great, but very reflective, Presidents Day!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!
Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with @MariaBartiromo
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans, the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committee Hearings, Investigations and Party hatred, they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasnt I a great candidate?
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer. The Russian hoax was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Finally, Liddle Adam Schiff, the leakin monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
Just like they dont want to solve the DACA problem, why didnt the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House & Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didnt want to, and now they just talk!
I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal. Rob Goldman Vice President of Facebook Ads
Funny how the Fake News Media doesnt want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didnt know!
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
Charges Deal Don A Big Win, written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost, succinctly states that the Russians had no impact on the election results. There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening!
Our entire Nation, w/one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims & their families in Parkland, FL. To teachers, law enforcement, first responders & medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage! 
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland, Florida: 
...lottery, continues deadly catch-and-release, and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement, and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA, they should support the Grassley bill!
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @DHSgov says it would be the end of immigration enforcement in America. It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals), doesnt build the wall, expands chain migration, keeps the visa...
In times of tragedy, the bonds that sustain us are those of family, faith, community, and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need. 
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready, willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
Today, I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate, as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore Americas depleted infrastructure. 
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation, our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation: 
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldnt it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance, there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military, now we have to fix our roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and more. Bipartisan, make deal Dems?
The journey to #MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018!
Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD. This is a true tragedy!
Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong & smart, loves Pennsylvania & loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts, unlike Bob Casey, who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut & Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesnt want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media, whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #MAGA
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border, ending chain migration, and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans.
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the @WestervillePD.
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011, and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!
....agencies, not just the FBI & DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump, which I dont believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt). Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on @FoxNews
My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier, it shows that hes been victimized. Hes been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
According to the @nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on Trump to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing & understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and more), would have to be heavily redacted, whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!
Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything  and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a paper trail on a private meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans.
As long as we open our eyes to Gods grace - and open our hearts to Gods love - then America will forever be the land of the free, the home of the brave, and a light unto all nations. #NationalPrayerBreakfast
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East.
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares IN GOD WE TRUST. And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are One Nation Under God. #NationalPrayerBreakfast
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders, and many friends, including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph, will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration!
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION!
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
In the old days, when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake, and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!
Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement, along with @NASAs commercial and international partners, continues to show American ingenuity at its best!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America, Ronald Reagan!
Today, we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13, and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here: 
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security.
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA, fully secures the border, ends chain migration & cancels the visa lottery. If Ds oppose this deal, they arent serious about DACA-they just want open borders.
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @Colts
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border, and with illegal immigration, FAST!
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way DOWN, and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps thats why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work theyve done!
...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasnt straight with Congress, as it hid most of these facts from investigators. Wall Street Journal
The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....
Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!
This memo totally vindicates Trump in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain sacred cows. Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!
Today, it was my honor to join the great men and women of @DHSgov, @CustomsBorder, @ICEgov and @USCIS at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling, Virginia. Fact sheet: 
Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats disgust
With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS, 2018 is off to great start! Unemployment rate at 4.1%. Average earnings up 2.9% in the last year. 200,000 new American jobs. #MAGA
You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team. Tom Fitton, JW
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!
The Democrats just arent calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or theyll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA, not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in 18.
Join me live for the #SOTU
Congratulations to Americas new Secretary of @HHSGov, Alex Azar!
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety & Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients & a twelve year pathway to citizenship, for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it!
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men, women and children, and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve: Never Again! 
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of catch & release and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety & Security reasons.
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace.
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "Big" Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders & trade, loves Vets & Military. Tuesday!
On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. 
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges & opportunities facing our nations today.
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority & his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace.
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal & Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!
The world is noticing, thanks!
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES."
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
The true question for the @UN... 
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations. #USAatUNGA#UNGA 
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst#UNGA Full remarks: 
Thehas great strength & patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo.
Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.
#USAatUNGA #UNGA
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon!
It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA
Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM @Netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA 
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
We commend SG @AntonioGuterres & his call for the UN to focus more on people & less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA 
Happy 70th Birthday @CIA!
Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce!
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA
My great honor!
Thank you!
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE!
We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: 
Our hearts & prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack....
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country. Proclamation: 
Frank FX Giaccio- On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania & myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+!
WEEKLY ADDRESS
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive & nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
FLORIDA- Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, & we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, & REBUILD!
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!  Emergency Information  1-800-342-3557   Volunteer  1-800-FL-HELP-1 
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country & its people.
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. & its people...
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders & others.
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut & Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @WhiteHouse today!
Congratulations to Eric & Lara on the birth of their son, Eric "Luke" Trump this morning!
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me & have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911
#NeverForget
The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!  "If you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left." Gov. Scott
This is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storms path to heed ALL instructions from government officials.
FLORIDA-  Visit  to find shelters, road closures, & evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list: 
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
A message to my fellow Americans#IrmaHurricane2017  
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal & Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!
We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. Im proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & state officials!
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab & Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies..
Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE!
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse, Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: 
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
Thank you, our great honor!
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA
We want our companies to hire & grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers, & to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities & towns! #USA
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, & re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is pro-growth..
Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. @DougBurgum, Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND, @SenJohnHoeven, @RepKevinCramer & @SenatorHeitkamp.
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men & women @ the Andeavor Refinery.  Full remarks: 
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands & Ricardo Rossell of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL!
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'    
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
I am allowing Japan & South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
Big week coming up!
We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay!
The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard, #LEOs & the #CajunNavy!
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation & coordination!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!  GOD BLESS TEXAS & GOD BLESS THE USA
TEXAS: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD!
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with you!
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania & myself, THANK YOU for today's update & GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief, @RedCross & @SalvationArmyUS
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas 
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong
First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage & devotion has saved countless lives  they represent the very best of America!
Texas & Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, & we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, & REBUILD!
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
After witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
.@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngle
Leaving now for Texas!
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
Major rescue operations underway!
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico & Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!
I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
A great book by a great guy, highly recommended!
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas!
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good!
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe._brock/status/901090547665907712
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice & orders of their local and state officials.
Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke, @FEMA_Brock, @TomBossert45 and COS John Kelly.
I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments & here to assist as needed.
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
Nick Adams, "Retaking America"  "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever."
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America!
As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead.    
On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men & women of @ICEgov & @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect & cherish you!
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal & Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....
...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
I requested that Mitch M & Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement & Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin. 
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule & go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime & border!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets!
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: 
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona & around the United States!
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls & everlasting pride in each & every one of you. God Bless America.
See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGA Tickets: 
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain, and their families.
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
Address to the Nation Full Video & Transcript: 
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia.  
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! 
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
Thoughts & prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search & rescue efforts are underway.
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, & we will heal, & be stronger than ever before!
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @Marty_Walsh.
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you! #LESM
Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes....cont
Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military! #MAGA
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont:
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert & closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough & strong, we love you!
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also...
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis & white supremacists......
THANK YOU @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks: 
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at: 
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by @DeptVetAffairs @SecShulkin.
Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA 
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council & Strategy & Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall & Crime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
Congratulations John!
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc.
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House & Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!
Deepest condolences to the families & fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able.
We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST.
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. #Charlottesville
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: 
Am in Bedminster for meetings & press conference on V.A. & all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey. 
As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed & thrive as the economy grows!
"Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism" via Bloomberg
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are....
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
"Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men"
.@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting womens entrepreneurship globally. #GES2017 @narendramodi
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal & Replace, Tax Reform & Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal & Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal & Replace ObamaCare!
#GodBlessTheUSA
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations," but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal & Replace, why not done?
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough & decisive!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
On #PurpleHeartDayI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA
...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES & WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
The Trump base is far bigger &  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......
The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy & jobs,border & military security,ISIS & MS-13 etc.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
"Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated"_story.html?utm_term=.36a5f1e5d94f
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst
Great work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state & local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future!
No matter the mission, the brave men & women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts & reform!
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Toyota & Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect - available at: .
Today, I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA
See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: 
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business & jobs will grow.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers & taxpayers. Watch:  #RAISEAct
"Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome"
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above & beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, & OUR FREEDOM!
Small business owners are the DREAMERS & INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future! Read more and watch here: 
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch!
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
A great day at the White House!
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies & why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal & Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines & more.
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal & Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
After seven years of "talking" Repeal & Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military & low oil prices. Witch Hunt!
We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: 
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM Harrisburg, Pennsylvania  #FlashbackFriday #MS13
...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills & budgets need 60 votes....
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES!
Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, VA.
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. #TeamScalise 
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends "....the most powerful T.V. show in America."
Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: 
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening!
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you!
Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain _FcdAgYPS/
.@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live! 
"America's Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action!
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big & exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal & Replace! I have pen in hand.
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....
#2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life  and LOVE & CHERISH your country!
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare!  Remarks: 
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and @SecPriceMD....._x3_XnsKc_UJsJyrpNIioPSuUq_gF8aFXYM8CruZ4vf
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & Replace after years of talking & campaigning on it.
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia," spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes & Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia."
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord: Keep the watch Protect her Defend her LOVE HER Good Luck & Godspeed!
American steel & American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE! #USSGeraldRFord #USA
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it  and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy #USSGeraldRFord
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!  #USA
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media & authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (& acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk, Va.
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the @WhiteHouse. #HonorThem Remarks: 
Manufacturers record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM: 
ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event, right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is the BEST! USA
"Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTHthat is making AmericaFOUR TRILLION DOLLARSRICHER." -Stuart @VarneyCo 
#MadeInAmerica 
Billions of dollars in investments & thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck & Pfizer: 
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America. #AmericaFirst
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon.  
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, & it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! #Davos2018
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on Americas economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGA
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 
Great bilateral meeting with President @Alain_Berset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! #WEF18
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many great discussions! #WEF18
Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC by @JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18
Today, Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nations eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential. 
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #WEF18
Will soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing, will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!
It was my great honor to welcome Mayors from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together, we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity! 
Earlier today, I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterdays shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt, Preston Cope, their families, and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Cryin Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is no DACA. We must have safety and security, together with a strong Military, for our great people!
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!
Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House, for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult, but it is always great to WIN, and few have won more than us!
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans & Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts, perhaps 50,000, and all in prime time. Wow!
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost. Thank you for your honesty Jim!
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, Democrats and DACA, but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!
End the Democrats Obstruction!
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They dont want to do it but are powerless!
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an A-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues, Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real, long term budget, no C.R.s!
Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now!
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office, no matter what the length. The good news is, THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, Crime, Borders, & ISIS, Judicial Strength & Numbers, Lowest Unemployment for Women & ALL, Massive Tax Cuts, end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!
Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Cant let that happen!
#AMERICA FIRST!
For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on  Crime (and Border), and even better to our Military & Veterans!
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess!
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety & Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts, and what they are doing for our booming economy.
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with @SenateMajLdr McConnell and @SpeakerRyan. Making progress - four week extension would be best!
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
Today, I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @March_for_Life! You are living witnesses of this years March for Life theme: #LoveSavesLives.
Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die, accidents happen. I dont know how I would vote right now on a CR, OK? Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif)
.@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney... 
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape Americas destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA
Departing Pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before!
A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!
CHIP should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 Day, or short term, extension!
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico, now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall, there is no Deal!
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Special Election (March 13). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!
....The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is peanuts compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!
The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be, of necessity, see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains, wastelands or tough rivers or water.....
ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much more! Together there is nothing we cant overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS.
During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers!
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA!
Today, we witnessed an incredible moment in history  the presentation of Congress highest civilian honor to our friend, and true AMERICAN HERO, Bob Dole. #CongressionalGoldMedal
Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now!
....we need to keep America safe, including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system, to one that is merit-based.
New report from DOJ & DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms....
Today, it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse!
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16, 2018, as Religious Freedom Day
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you, and it will get even (much) better! @FoxNews
90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military, at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration, and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals cant get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military.
...to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do. My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST & MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Statement by me last night in Florida: Honestly, I dont think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they dont want to help..We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they dont want to. They dont want security at the border, they dont want.....
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible (among many other things). President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline. Thank you Stuart Varney.  @foxandfriends
President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that weve seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0...
I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRST
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats dont really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military.
...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un (of N. Korea). Obviously I didnt say that. I said Id have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un, a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters...
So much Fake News is being reported. They dont even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author, who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!
I dont believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but, day by day, they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!
AMERICA FIRST!
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as Martin Luther King Jr., Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic, community, and service activities in honor of Dr. King's life and legacy.
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Never said take them out. Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately, no trust!
Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fair deal, for DACA. Take care of our Military, and our Country, FIRST!
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!
....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten shutdown, but what they are really doing is shutting down our military, at a time we need it most. Get smart, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund....
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded, Chain & Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime.....
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for peanuts, only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall, think Merit and end Lottery & Chain. USA!
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant, relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan, adding 2,500 new jobs and paying $2,000 bonus to U.S. employees!
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on @foxandfriends  Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.
Yesterday, I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together, we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States!
Great news, as a result of our TAX CUTS & JOBS ACT!
With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and todays vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!
45 year low in illegal immigration this year. @foxandfriends
House votes on controversial FISA ACT today. This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is Excellent or Good. That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
Disproven and paid for by Democrats Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election? @foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUVs a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4,000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama, helping to further grow our economy!
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference: 
I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together, we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, & yet on and on it goes. Russia & the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.
.@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow Americans SAFE. Everyone is so grateful! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay President @realDonaldTrump
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldnt agree w/you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA
As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval.
Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve! 
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for todays very productive meeting on immigration reform. There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security, chain migration, lottery and DACA. 
It was my great honor to sign H.R. 267, the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act, which redesignates the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia as the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park. 
On behalf of the American people, THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United States - I will fight for you, and I will never, ever let you down. Now, more than ever, we must support the men and women in blue! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay
We are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG. We want our flag respected - and we want our NATIONAL ANTHEM respected also!
In every decision we make, we are honoring Americas PROUD FARMING LEGACY. Years of crushing taxes, crippling regs, & corrupt politics left our communities hurting, our economy stagnant, & millions of hardworking Americans COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN. But they are not forgotten ANYMORE!
We have been working every day to DELIVER for Americas Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US. #AFBF18
Cant wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American @FarmBureau Federations Annual Convention in Nashville! #AFBF18  On my way now - join me LIVE at 4:00pmE: .
African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history. Dems did nothing for you but get your vote!  #NeverForget @foxandfriends
...Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obamas failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the right choice. This was truly a change election  and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching & necessary. Thank you Michael Goodwin!
His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over his missteps, there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president. Not one. Indeed, as Trumps accomplishments accumulate, the mere thought of...
The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices, but present and future Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win!
The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt & biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the losers on Wednesday, January 17th, rather than this coming Monday. The interest in, and importance of, these awards is far greater than anyone could have anticipated!
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky!
Ive had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I have to put up with a Fake Book, written by a totally discredited author. Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well. So will I!
Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subjects including Border Security & the desperately needed Wall, the ever increasing Drug and Opioid Problem, Infrastructure, Military, Budget, Trade and DACA.
....to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and a very stable genius at that!
....Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star.....
Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, the Democrats and their lapdogs, the Fake News Mainstream Media, are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence.....
Brian Ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points (billions of dollars), was suspended for a month but is now back at ABC NEWS in a lower capacity. He is no longer allowed to report on Trump. Should have been fired!
The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8%, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! And, in the Washington Post (of all places), headline states, Trumps first year jobs numbers were very, very good.
Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used Sloppy Steve Bannon, who cried when he got fired and begged for his job. Now Sloppy Steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone. Too bad!
Good idea Rand!
The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon. Smart!
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history. This is all about the Make America Great Again agenda! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Six trillion dollars in value created!
The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in the U.S. is booming...but the people know! Can you imagine if O was president and had these numbers - would be biggest story on earth! Dow now over 25,000.
I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book. Full of lies, misrepresentations and sources that dont exist. Look at this guys past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL, stop illegal immigration, end chain migration & cancel the visa lottery. The current system is unsafe & unfair to the great people of our country - time for change!
Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing.
So beautiful....Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel!
With all of the failed experts weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasnt firm, strong and willing to commit our total might against the North. Fools, but talks are a good thing!
As Americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do.....except when it comes to the most important thing, VOTING for the people that run your country. Push hard for Voter Identification!
Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They fought hard that the Commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally. System is rigged, must go to Voter I.D.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Stock Market had another good day but, now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential. Dow just short of 25,000, a number that few thought would be possible this soon into my administration. Also, unemployment went down to 4.1%. Only getting better!
Some 40 U.S. companies have responded to President Trumps tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by handing out bonuses up to $2,000, increases in 401k matches and spending on charity, a much higher number than previously known.
Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson, a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints...
Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time!
President Trump has something now he didnt have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny. The accomplishments are there, look at his record, he has had a very significant first year. @LouDobbs Show,David Asman & Ed Rollins
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST & CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 oclock. Subjects will cover Dishonesty & Bad Reporting in various categories from the Fake News Media. Stay tuned!
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times. Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger & more powerful one than his, and my Button works!
...peace treaty with Israel. We have taken Jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table, but Israel, for that, would have had to pay more. But with the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace, why should we make any of these massive future payments to them?
It's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. As an example, we pay the Palestinians HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect. They dont even want to negotiate a long overdue...
Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous supporter, and I will never forget the (beyond kind) statements he has made about me as President. He is my friend and he will be greatly missed in the U.S. Senate!
We will not rest until all of Americas GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time. Keep up the great work @SecShulkin @DeptVetAffairs! 
Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics.  DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard against Dems, will start falling in love with Republicans and their President! We are about RESULTS.
....impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent sources, and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY, so that the next time I (and the people) win, you wont have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done! GL
The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Times to fulfill the vision of its Founder, Adolph Ochs, to give the news impartially, without fear or FAVOR, regardless of party, sect, or interests involved. Get...
Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017, the best and safest year on record!
Sanctions and other pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing to South Korea. Rocket man now wants to talk to South Korea for first time. Perhaps that is good news, perhaps not - we will see!
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border. We will be bringing in more & more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL! @foxandfriends
Crooked Hillary Clintons top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey & others
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their pockets. The people have little food, big inflation and no human rights. The U.S. is watching!
Will be leaving Florida for Washington (D.C.) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food & for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!
The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they have given us nothing but lies & deceit, thinking of our leaders as fools. They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible!
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!
Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
What a year its been, and we're just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!!
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff, and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts & more?
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning!
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair press, now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent sources are being used more often than ever. Many stories & reports a pure fiction!
On Taxes: This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs. @WSJ Report
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching!
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Irans people are what their leaders fear the most....
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regimes corruption & its squandering of the nations wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their peoples rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests
The Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration & ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!
Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, @foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage & Russia hoax!
In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Years Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I've been saying it for a long, long time. #NoKo
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!
Retail sales are at record numbers. Weve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you havent seen anything yet!
Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St Jamess & a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief & begging for forgiveness!
Arrests of MS-13 Members, Associates Up 83% Under Trump
On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military est the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles.. @jamiejmcintyre @dcexaminer
Just left West Palm Beach Fire & Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!
WOW, @foxandfrlends  Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED. And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare, the Democrats & Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow its back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Dont let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@FoxNews-FBIs Andrew McCabe, in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.
Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a Trumper, and he lost.  Good Republican candidates will win BIG!
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!
Wow, FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned, according to @FoxNews.
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wifes campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?
Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks: 
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death!
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill.
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Trumans Record), Regulation Cutting, Judicial Appointments, Building Military, VA, TAX CUTS & REFORM, Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more, I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?
The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year. Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long & beautiful list.
At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country!
So true!
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of love - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of, and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, dont let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes, hate these big Cuts!
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people! #TaxCutsandJobsAct
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically & politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT & Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends, the defeated Dems, and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.
Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!
A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to rescinding the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources dont exist!
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS!
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world....
With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!  OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY:
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
Thank you Maria B!
So true Ivanka!
As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country!
When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On November 8, 2016, you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled, it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE!
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities...
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends.
Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons), and they did. I also predicted  I would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well! @foxandfriends
More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate & inspire Americans, who never tire of exploration & innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation: 
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now.
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now, we are just days away...
WEEKLY ADDRESS
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wages, and more JOBS!
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just out book, Let Trump Be Trump. Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you!
DOW, S&P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA
Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico, Virginia.   I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you!
You are always there for us  THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.  Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all, and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS!
It was my honor. THANK YOU!
Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey
In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room.  Today, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, & prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, & no goal beyond our reach.   We are a nation of explorers, pioneers, innovators & inventors. We are nation of people who work hard, dream big, & who never, ever give up...
Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-growing maze of regs, rules, and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars, millions of jobs, countless American factories, & devastated entire industries.
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your voices heard, this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning  the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM, PROSPERITY AND PRIDE!
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
If last nights election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!
Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love. 
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good).
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immigration, Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office begging for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED!
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I dont know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the dumbest man on television! Bad Reporting.
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!
Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come!
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans  not for criminal aliens!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEFS TROPHY! Congratulations!
.@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.
.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo!
Have a great game today, @USArmy and @USNavy - I will be watching.   We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service!  #ArmyNavyGame #USA
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum & the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past & dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice & peace.
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, @PhilBryantMS. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
CNNS slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his mistake). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We cant have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get whats going on. Thank you Pensacola!
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD!
This is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, fight, fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!  MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola, Florida!
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! #MAGA
On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA
The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6%, the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7%, the lowest ever recorded... @SecretaryAcosta @USDOL
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. Hes bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns & Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didnt!
Tonight, @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse  and wish them all a very #HappyHanukkah 
Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by Americas friends and foes alike: REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.
Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES, and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice.
Today, the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @WhiteHouse, in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. 
Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBORand the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America.   God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform, and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - A day that will live in infamy! December 7, 1941
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem...
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #Periscope
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of Californias wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets: 
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utahs MAGNIFICENT Capitol.  It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante... 
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders...& so much more. Look at your 401-ks since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!
Report: ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE  Now it all starts to make sense!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI agents role in Clinton probe under review. Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends  Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco!
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and papers should do the same with their Fake News!
Many people in our Country are asking what the Justice Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails? No justice!
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday interrogation with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?
Great job First Lady Melania!
62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history...
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas!
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:  The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! Hes not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects, (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again! 
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of allthe gift of Gods love for all of humanity.  Whatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life...
Today is a day that Ive been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before.   Now, as President of the United States, it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world, a very MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017! #DOW24K #MAGA
Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United States are important partners.  During the Crown Princes visit, he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F-16s...
Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Lets continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be low and glum!
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!  @foxandfriends
The Failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
Had the information (Crooked Hillarys emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security...." Charles McCullough Fmr Intel Comm Inspector General
The only people who dont like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that dont understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! @FoxNews
.@Theresa_May, dont focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY  and RECLAIM AMERICAS DESTINY.  But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS  and bring Main Street roaring back to life! 
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNITIES, and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY! 
This week, the Senate can join the House & take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY!
Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.  A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people! _kXgTG5/
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.  Stock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear!
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. But when will the top executives at NBC & Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lacks past!
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time!
.@foxandfriends, we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy!
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Great work Ivanka!
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. Emails endangered National Security. Why arent our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged & corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity
After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't & military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty & illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5, notching its best reading since December 2000...
Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS!
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, @SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis.
Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday
Meeting with Chuck and Nancy today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I dont see a deal!
Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that if you run, you will win. She would tell everyone that, no doubt, he will win. I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
Thank you Rand!
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares!
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasnt enough. Cant let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
Wow, even I didnt realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you.
.@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!  A great day to support your community and Americas JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named Man (Person) of the Year, like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars (6 trillion), to be there in the first place!
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss!
Two great people!
A great guy (with great ratings)!
When youre almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you cant lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade, time to get smart!
Why is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries, or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are, and will be, pouring into U.S. coffers?
The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods, and they charge us 25, 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours, it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade, it is Stupid Trade!
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
Real @FoxNews is doing great, Fake News CNN is dead!
Very surprised that China would be doing this?

Now this is a record that will never be broken!
....$17 million spent, its a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion, with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers, who actually represented Clinton people (& gave $s to Crooked H). Dan Bongino
John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar, hes a liar about being a liar.  Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends
We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.  Neil Irwin of the @nytimes.
Today, it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard!
Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber & Lumber in U.S.?
Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning.
Why arent they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but thats O.K., we are Winning, and will be doing so for a long time to come!
A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going up fast. No Collusion, except by the Democrats!
FAIR TRADE!
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh DSouza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!
Very good meetings with North Korea.
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative, but they know it is not true!
The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, Spies (Informants), into my campaign! Surveillance much?
Iger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie, yet no apology. Double Standard!
RUSH LIMBAUGH  If the FBI was so concerned, and if they werent targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax), then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.
The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
The soon to be released book, The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump, written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
Very importantly, @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We cant take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders & Crime, loves our Military & our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing.
Moments ago, it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law! 
With the #RightToTry Law I signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise...
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ABC does not tolerate comments like those made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didnt get the call?
The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at 1000 people, when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who dont get me, and never did!
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else! And I wish I did!
....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, oh by the way Im not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and thats how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didnt you tell me before I picked you.....
Rep.Trey Gowdy, I dont think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the countrys....
The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophisticated & dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do, they find fault. But the forgotten men & women WON, Im President!
Sorry, Ive got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.
Why arent the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. Its a Rigged Witch Hunt, thats why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!
This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasnt just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and  scandalous. Mollie Hemingway
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you!
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obamas term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!
California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with so many others. On June 5th., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. Hell Make California Great Again!
A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember, the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime, the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world, they loved their families. They inspired their communities...
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies, from privilege and from poverty...
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of @ArlingtonNatl Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes, the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay
We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system. Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable. Jonathan Turley
The President deserves some answers. @FoxNews in discussing SPYGATE.
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (& women in 18years), rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!
#MemorialDay
Why didnt President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didnt want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing.
Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!
Why didnt the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didnt the FBI take the Server from the DNC?  Rigged Investigation!
Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN & WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country, they love our Flag, they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller.
Whos going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!
WELCOME HOME JOSH!
When will the 13 Angry Democrats (& those who worked for President O), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? Its been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems, Justice, FBI & Russia?
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that havent been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE & CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
With Spies, or Informants as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but its not), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didnt the crooked highest levels of the FBI or Justice contact me to tell me of the  phony Russia problem?
The Failing @nytimes quotes a senior White House official, who doesnt exist, as saying even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed. WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources.
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to  how to deal with North Korea...and if there was, it wouldnt matter. The @nytimes has called me wrong right from the beginning!
Thanks to very brave Teacher & Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!
Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release, Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS.
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House, with his family, at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!
We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th., and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date.
...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees, change of management and board, must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing....
Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they dont even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under O
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just wont let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work, which Chicago will not allow, would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!
To the @NavalAcademy Class of 2018, I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know that glory will be yours. Because you are WINNERS, you are WARRIORS, you are FIGHTERS, you are CHAMPIONS, and YOU will lead us to VICTORY! God Bless the U.S.A.!
On behalf of the American People, CONGRATULATIONS! We love you!
Today, it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States @NavalAcademy in Annapolis, Maryland. Congratulations!  Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH!
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead, hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell!
Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs, saying that they are individuals & must be nurtured, or asking to end your big Tax Cuts & raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!
Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people. Mollie Hemingway, The Federalist Senior Editor  But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question, even with the expenditure of far more money, LOST!
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing partys campaign is different than having a Spy, as illegal as that may be. But what about an Informant who is paid a fortune and who sets up way earlier than the Russian Hoax?
Today, it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to @USNavy (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Full ceremony: 
Today, it was my honor to sign #S2155, the "Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. Read more: 
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially, I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world...
It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage, New York. Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives!
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un.
Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men & Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! #SPYGATE
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now, lots of work to be done!
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage, New York. Keep up the great work!
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes, including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance...
Today on Long Island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union...
Thank you @SBAList! #SBAGala
WITCH HUNT!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
Its clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign Judge Andrew Napolitano
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!
@foxandfriends  New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign? Even Clapper, worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head, who has the problem of lying a lot, used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasnt a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes, how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals!
It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MartinTruex_Jr and his team to the @WhiteHouse yesterday!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!
.@AsaHutchinson, the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes, border security, and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
The Wall Street Journal asks, WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?  A very good question!
...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job, this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself, hes worried about staying out of Jail. Dan Bongino
....top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the (phony) Dossier...he knows about the Dossier, he denies knowledge of the Dossier, he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier, which....
John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of Americans faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....
China must continue to be strong & tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen, and North Korea to be VERY successful, but only after signing!
On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didnt President Obama & the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said, Chuck & I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade, plus, with China will happen!
I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now theyre looking at the rest of the World. Oh great!
....and why hasnt the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington, D.C.?
What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes & offices early in the morning, but were afraid to take the Server?
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Dont worry about Dems FISA Abuse, missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid McCabes wife $700,000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam.
....At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they arent looking at the corruption...
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has done a long & boring story indicating that the Worlds most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia & me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also, Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation!
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal, and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance!
California finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - hell be the best Governor youve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!
Just met with UN Secretary-General Antnio Guterres who is working hard to Make the United Nations Great Again. When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world, it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. @NikkiHaley is doing a fantastic job!
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! #PrisonReform
We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students, families, teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School  we are with you in this tragic hour, and we will be with you forever...
School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign for president. It took place very early on, and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a hot Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!
Why isnt disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia, led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabes wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, Animals. Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as Animals, a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong, as usual!
Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didnt commit.  David Asman  @LouDobbs @GreggJarrett   Really bad stuff!
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them!
Tomorrow, the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill, which includes work requirements. We must support our Nations great farmers!
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his countrys economy and unleashing its potential!
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the Peoples Republic of China, Liu He.
Congratulations to our new CIA Director, Gina Haspel!
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE  Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!
Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and Haters, but thats the way it is!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT. Andrew McCarthy says, Theres probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign. If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina
...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. Hes also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare...
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse!
House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
...havent even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!
...We have not seen Chinas demands yet, which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe, the meetings...
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they havent been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy, he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and @CortesSteve on the great article - on WINNING!
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year  the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police (HEROES) 100%!
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today!
Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the  $10,000,000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion), I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt, but the People truly get it!
Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S., for many years. Stay tuned!
Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support!
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said, leakers are traitors and cowards, and we will find out who they are!
ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
#USEmbassyJerusalem
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews & @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes & see what is really going on. This kind of sickness & hatred is not compatible with a loving, peaceful, & successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now, that will not happen!
China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!
President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations, worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct, all they know how to do. STAY!
Irans Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month, ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you, a very smart and gracious gesture!
Why doesnt the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administrations Anti-Trust Division has been, and is, opposed to the AT&T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them  not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality, affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done!
Today, my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation, more competition, and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter!_-0ftv64fLypcG0P4pNxauuOXLAcsAqv?t=6s
Thank you Indiana! #MAGA?t=15m57s
The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Senator Cryin Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, & then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesnt really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
On behalf of the American people, WELCOME HOME!
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M.
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing), when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News, so bad!
Secretary Pompeo and his guests will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also, good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date & Place set.
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs.  His Socialist opponent in November should not do well, a big failure in last job!
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart thinkers, and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!
The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy & all things else, 91% of the Network News about me is negative (Fake). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong, and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes, why wouldnt we win?
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. In just a short time, the worlds leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the worlds most dangerous weapons....
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal:_TKUlteUhH3s?t=1s
John Kerry cant get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country!
I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and North Korea, where relationships and trust are building.
Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alway will be, TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into Americas  bright and glorious future!
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm.
National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Lets keep fighting this opioid epidemic, America!
The United States does not need John Kerrys possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal.  He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover, Peter S), and attorney Baker, are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well!
The Great Revolt by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men & Women are forgotten no longer!
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, its called Fighting Back
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, cant win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
Thank you Cleveland, Ohio!
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results, but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!
Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the @NRA. It was so wonderful to be there!
Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win, Capitalist Comeback will be a big hit!
I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @NRA. We will never fail, and we will always protect your Second Amendment! God Bless you, and God Bless America!
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator, and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history...
JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT!
Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite sources which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably dont exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
Andy McCarthy will be on  @LouDobbs tonight. 7:00 P.M. , @FoxBusiness.
Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!
#NationalDayOfPrayer
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital, but the program needs work & is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!
Today, it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the @WhiteHouse, in the Rose Garden! Proclamation: 
...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction.
...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair,......
Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are.....
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship!
Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, The Light Within Me, which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!
As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp, but to no avail. Stay tuned!
This isnt some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.  John Dowd, March 2018.  With North Korea, China, the Middle East and so much more, there is not much time to be thinking about this, especially since there was no Russian Collusion.
I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 Hercules cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims, their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.
Congratulations @SecPompeo!
A Rigged System - They dont want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal justice? At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
The questions are an intrusion into the Presidents Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the Presidents unfettered power to fire anyone... Joe Digenova, former US Attorney
There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup & trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War, Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits, Negotiations on NAFTA, and much more. Witch Hunt!
Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the @WhiteHouse!
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football!
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophy, for the first time in 21 years, to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights at the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations!?t=4s
Yesterday, it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea, this should have been fixed years ago, not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were leaked to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going bonkers!
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who dont exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they cant believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
The migrant caravan that is openly defying our border shows how weak & ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda  Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of North & South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
The White House Correspondents Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
Headline: Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
The White House Correspondents Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy comedian totally bombed (couldnt even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest, or start over!
Trumps Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy! Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC, just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished!
While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didnt work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big, boring bust...the so-called comedian really bombed. @greggutfeld should host next year! @PeteHegseth
Great evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldnt get in, I cherish you....and will be back!
Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! #MAGA
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Testers statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight, will be live on T.V.
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN @foxandfriends FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Lets come together and BEAT last Octobers record of disposed prescription pills! Visit  to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day.
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. No evidence that the Trump Campaign colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia. Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott, they really get it (lowest Black & Hispanic unemployment in history).
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer, tougher, process!
So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! @foxandfriends
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening, but only time will tell!
Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey cant define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesnt understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. Hes either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada & Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they dont support us (including at the United Nations)?
Loved being on @foxandfriends this morning. Great show!
MAGA! 
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade.
.@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people who cherish our values, protect our civilization, and recognize the image of God in every human soul.
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @WhiteHouse. We look forward to hosting them at tonight's State Dinner, in their honor.
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship Unbreakable. History Shows Hes Right.
Arizona, please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!
Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the @WhiteHouse. 
Heres a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriffs Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it!
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, you got to ask, what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? Theres no there there. Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldnt come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
A complete Witch Hunt!
I can die happy now with Trump Job performance, stated Mary Matalin. A great overall President, stunning! Thank you Mary.
....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they wont - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we havent given up anything & they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World), site closure, & no more testing!
GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton. @FoxNews   Good luck with that request!
At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.  Wall Street Journal
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as Mr. Magoo and Rod Rosenstein as Mr. Peepers. This is according to people with whom the president has spoken. There are no such people and dont know these characters...just more Fake & Disgusting News to create ill will!
James Comeys Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch & others?
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!
So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he Rs counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material, including Servers and Emails!
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse.
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you!
Join me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: 
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I dont see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
....non-existent sources and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked & respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I dont speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will flip. They use....
A message from Kim Jong Un: North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles. Also will Shut down a nuclear test site in the countrys Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests. Progress being made for all!
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Heres a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
So General Michael Flynns life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I dont think so!
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe under the bus. Inspector Generals Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government, hence, the American People. They are slow walking all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!
.@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
THANK YOU #JIATFSouth, @Norad_Northcom, @southcomwatch and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work!
Just arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM.
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy up to 400 National Guard Troops to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Browns charade. We need border security and action, not words!
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities, putting all Americans at risk.
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
It was my great honor to host my friend @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished, thank you! #Success
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon!
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club.
Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World, but also for North Korea!
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)!
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested & breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security & Safety NOW!
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I dont like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesnt work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush:
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
....Congress  House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
Todays Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....
Welcome Prime Minister Abe!
Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post, and they havent changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see!
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, its hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.
Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!), will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history, by far!
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His memos are self serving and FAKE!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term Mission Accomplished. I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!
Comey throws AG Lynch under the bus! Why cant we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat, or AG, in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!
The big questions in Comeys badly reviewed book arent answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information (jail), why did he lie to Congress (jail), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didnt they TAKE it), why the phony memos, McCabes $700,000 & more?
Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There wont be anything, or anyone, even close!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!

DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion, all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
We are bringing back our factories, we are bringing back our jobs, and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA!
....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst botch jobs of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
James Comey is a proven LEAKER & LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was, in fact, fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....
Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego, where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!
Americas greatest treasure is our people  and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity, purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country, you provide for your family, you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! #TaxCuts
I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb, my Special Counsel, and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our Thank you America?
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform
The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's Prescribed to Death Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow, April 12th to April 18th. More information: ??ti=ia
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake & Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA & Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and smart! You shouldnt be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton & Larry K on board. I (we) are
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion, Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! #RollTide 
Very thankful for President Xi of Chinas kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Last night, it was my great honor to host Americas senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. Americas military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform!
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
Attorneyclient privilege is dead!
Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning! 
The Democrats are not doing whats right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law!
When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade.  No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE -  going on for years!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal & a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which dont exist. Story on John Kelly isnt true, just another hit job!
The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her, they never even put her under oath..... and much more. So true Jesse! @WattersWorld
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air & Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate, travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why arent they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling, but for what reason? Not looking good!
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
The United States hasnt had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
Congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two  good luck!
BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised, Im not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages, salaries and bonuses!
The Fake News Washington Post, Amazons chief lobbyist, has another (of many) phony headlines, Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties. WRONG! Should read, Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft. Typically bad reporting!
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. Kings legacy of justice and peace, and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation: 
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterdays Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great @USMC.
When youre already $500 Billion DOWN, you cant lose!
We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico & Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTubes HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!
Today, it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @KerstiKaljulaid, Lithuania President @Grybauskaite_LT, and Latvia President @Vejonis to the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #BalticSummit: 
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders dont have a clue (or do they?)!
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin Obama at the same time in his Administration.
Check out the fact that you cant get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker, whose job is in jeopardy, is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!
The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our Weak Laws Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The Fakers at CNN, NBC, ABC & CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue
President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll. Via: @Anna_Giaritelli @DCExaminer
39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico & Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day
An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll!
So sad that the Department of Justice and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed. Also, our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!
So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC, which is a total joke.
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
DACA is dead because the Democrats didnt care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws dont allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large Caravans of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws.....
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch & Release. Getting more dangerous. Caravans coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
HAPPY EASTER!
Governor Jerry Moonbeam Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? @FoxNews
...does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a lobbyist and should so  REGISTER. If the P.O. increased its parcel rates, Amazons shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion. This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!
While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that the size of the companys lobbying staff has ballooned, and that...
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave, but there might be a Red Wave!
Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS!
...Why arent Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. Fortunately, the facts are all coming out, and fast!
Fake News reporting, a complete fabrication, that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son, Donald, had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent, totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it!
..Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated, much by the Obama Administration, while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum, we will make much better Trade Deals for our country!
Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S., always to our detriment. I say, as they come,Tax them. If they dont want to be taxed, let them make or build the product in the U.S. In either event, it means jobs and great wealth.....
The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know its TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division & distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous & sick!
...Danny OConnor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters  Danny wants to raise your taxes, open your borders, and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
A great night in Ohios 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio, and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way...
Thank you Ohio. I love you!_rTraoZrP1YqkrkeystkLB7mZoH?t=3s
Iran, and its economy, is going very bad, and fast! I will meet, or not meet, it doesnt matter - it is up to them!
Heading to Ohio!
....China, which is for the first time doing poorly against us, is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs- because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning, but must be strong!
....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and, if countries are still unwilling to negotiate, they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way......
....Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S., Steelworkers are working again, and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against, but when we use them, foolish people scream!
Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27% in last 4months, and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever, and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First.......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @USCG!
Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi, who is weak on Crime, Borders & your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes (by a lot). Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime, the Border & loves our Military, Vets & 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi/high taxes.
Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart, which isnt easy to do. I like Mike!
...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on Collusion with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate herself?_REPORT/status/1025471369599901696
Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book, THE RUSSIA HOAX, THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP, going to #1 on @nytimes and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT, illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!
Great photo from Ocean City, Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldnt create this type of job anymore. Wrong, in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!
The media are good news fire extinguishers! @greggutfeld @TheFive
NASA, which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration, has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from overseas. @FoxNews
Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person & great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha, we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!
Pastor praises Trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event
Congratulations Marsha!
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night.  He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!
Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you!?t=1s
They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS, which is a large percentage of the media, that is the enemy of the people!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman, @Troy_Balderson. See you all then! Tickets: 
When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill  we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able to leave the WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOD STAMPS PROVISION that the House approved. Senate should go to 51 votes!
Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me, I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania, and all over the Country, and Congressman Lou Barletta, who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania, is really helping!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter, Lou Barletta, to replace a weak an ineffective Senator, Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart, loves PA and our Country!
Working hard, thank you!
Wow, @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly, Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable!
Charles Koch of Koch Brothers, who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?), now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to foreign workers. He is correct, AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word & starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also, thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon!
Congratulations to  @GreggJarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton & Frame Donald Trump. Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. Its the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute!
Private payrolls boom in July, increasing by 219,000 vs 185,000 estimate: ADP
Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township, Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: 
#PledgeToAmericasWorkers
It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the @WhiteHouse!
We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad? Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Looking back on history, who was treated worse, Alfonse Capone, legendary mob boss, killer and Public Enemy Number One, or Paul Manafort, political operative & Reagan/Dole darling, now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didnt government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax!
..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further. Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!
.....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It wont go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation. ALAN DERSHOWITZ....
FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election. He should never, ever been allowed to........
Thank you Florida. I love you!_XcXG_rSEFaIN8ROQbNa1mIVLrtx5j?t=12s
On my way to Tampa, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon!
Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008
...Border Security is National Security, and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!
I dont care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades, and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
.@SenJohnBarrasso has a Primary on August 21st. He doesnt need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way, but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway. John is absolutely top of the line & has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my Full and Total Endorsement!
The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people, I enjoy watching. In 7 years, when I am no longer in office, their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!
Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for @RepDeSantis, who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax & Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military & our Vets. Has my Full & Total Endorsement!
I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA, doesnt seem to make much sense!
Collusion is not a crime, but that doesnt matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)!
One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexicos murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31,174 people killed, a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals! @FoxNews
Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!
....them richer. Their network is highly overrated, I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed, Im for America First & the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!
The globalist Koch Brothers, who have become a total joke in real Republican circles, are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I dont need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax & Regulation Cuts, Judicial picks & more. I made.....
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the Trump Administration gets great credit for reuniting illegal families. Thank you, and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!
Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary, Robert Wilkie!
Thank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me, and to everyone who loves our Country!
...that Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!
Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws, and with Democrats thinking...
Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book, Liars, Leakers, and Liberals  The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!
...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect...
Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as @WhiteHouse Chief of Staff!

It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy to the @WhiteHouse! Join us at 2:00pmE for our joint press conference: 
We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch & Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and, of course, keep building, but much faster, THE WALL!
....Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama....And why isnt Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity & real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?
Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump, including the fact that we had a very nasty & contentious business relationship, I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) & Comey is his close friend..
There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 (increased from 13, including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats, was started by a fraudulent Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore, the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!
...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!
...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example, the failing New York Times...
...accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving, its no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the...
When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government, it  truly puts the lives of many, not just journalists, at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news...
I would be willing to shut down government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery, Catch & Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!
The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and, of course, the historically low unemployment numbers, especially for African Americans, Hispanics, Asians and Women.
Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media & how that Fake News has morphed into phrase, Enemy of the People. Sad!
Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST & WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote R
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael?
Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong, please recheck that poll!
Tom Homan, fmr ICE Director: There is nobody that has done more for border security & public safety than President Trump. Ive worked for six presidents, and I respect them all, but nobody has done more than this Administration & President Trump, thats just a stone cold fact!

Join me in Tampa, Florida next Tuesday, July 31st at 7:00pmE for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: 
The only things the Democrats do well is Resist, which is their campaign slogan, and Obstruct. Cryin Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting forever to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved!
Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year -- that means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The @USNavys first female Admiral, Alene Duerk once said: It was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized as the first, but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could. Alene did just that, and America is forever grateful!
We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions!
I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year, the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1%!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement!
...John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!
.@JohnJamesMI, who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate, successful businessman and a African American leader...
GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!
.....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillarys lawyer. Gee, I wonder if they helped him make the choice!
....,the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesnt waste my time with dumb questions, NO,....
Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City, Illinois, only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion...
Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do!
The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years, this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un.
America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back!
...called The Case Against Impeaching Trump, which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!
.@AlanDersh, a brilliant lawyer, who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didnt vote for me, has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book...
PROMISES KEPT!
Thank you @U_S_Steel and Granite City, Illinois!?t=9s
The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a great Christian, family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!
This is great - on my way, see you soon @IAGovernor Kim Reynolds!
Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking  forward to being with many great friends!
Twitter SHADOW BANNING prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.
European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also, they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!
Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!
Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp, in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent, lifted him from 5 points down to a 70% to 30% victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race, but congratulations to Brian!
Obviously the European Union, as represented by @JunckerEU and the United States, as represented by yours truly, love each other!
...along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!
Great meeting on Trade today with @JunckerEU and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs, no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving...
Thank you very much, working hard!
Sergio Marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant & successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS, he loved the car industry, and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!
This week, my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote #ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free, prosperous & peaceful. Great job, @VP, @SecPompeo, @IRF_Ambassador & @StateDept!
The United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship  the largest economic relationship in the world. We want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all American and European citizens...
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border, crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets, the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!
What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first, never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad!
China is targeting our farmers, who they know I love & respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U.S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $517 Billion on us last year.
When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well, be cool. The end result will be worth it!
Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wonder, what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off?  Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!
The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton & Frame Donald Trump is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More importantly, it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!
So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldnt approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved, much bigger, but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!
The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs, Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it, we are ready - but they wont!
Today, it was my great honor to be in Kansas City, Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible! Thank you @VFWHQ! #VFWConvention
On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker, Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #Workforce
I want to thank the @VFWHQ for your devotion to our fallen heroes, unknown soldiers, Prisoners of War, those Missing in Action, and their families. #VFWConvention
#VFWConvention @VFWHQ_AIad-f8?t=2m2s
Im very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely dont want Trump!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!
Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!
Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia, full Endorsement!
Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal, or it gets hit with Tariffs. Its as simple as that - and everybodys talking! Remember, we are the piggy bank thats being robbed. All will be Great!
Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago but, as the saying goes, better late than never!
#MadeInAmerica Showcase!
Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, ICE and Borders. We need Lou!_pence/status/1021517536951758854
Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice!
....In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive (the paper loses a fortune) lobbyist for Amazon. Is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought?
The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U.S. Supreme Court two months ago. Next up is the U.S. Post Office which they use, at a fraction of real cost, as their delivery boy for a BIG percentage of their packages....
A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise, no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy, all of Asia is happy. But the Fake News is saying, without ever asking me (always anonymous sources), that I am angry because it is not going fast enough. Wrong, very happy!
When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin, and all that I gave up, remember, I gave up NOTHING, we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. Also, we got along very well, which is a good thing, except for the Corrupt Media!
.....Carter Page wasnt a spy, wasnt an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump. Tom Fitton @JudicialWatch A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now!
....and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source #1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page..was all about getting Trump.....
It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump....
So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC, that was knowingly & falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!
Tom Fitton on @foxandfriends at 6:15 A.M. NOW! Judicial Watch.
To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE & DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didnt he do something about it? Why didnt he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, thats why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
Happy Birthday @SenatorDole!
I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country!
.@PeteHegseth on @FoxNews  Source #1 was the (Fake) Dossier. Yes, the Dirty Dossier, paid for by Democrats as a hit piece against Trump, and looking for information that could discredit Candidate #1 Trump. Carter Page was just the foot to surveil the Trump campaign... ILLEGAL!
Andrew McCarthy - I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff, not just the people who gave it. It is so bad it screams out at you.  On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt!
Looking more & more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
Congratulations to @JudicialWatch and @TomFitton on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of Justice and FBI misled the courts. Witch Hunt Rigged, a Scam!
Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime & Borders. Troy is the total opposite, and loves our Military, Vets & 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th. Troy has my Full & Total Endorsement!
Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with VP @mike_pence. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
No Collusion, No Obstruction - but that doesnt matter because the 13 Angry Democrats, who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats, want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly for Obama W.H.), seems intent on damaging the Republican Partys chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the 16 Election never ends!
Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyers office (early in the morning) - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of & perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong!
The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - cant believe it! Isnt it in contract that players must stand at attention, hand on heart? The $40,000,000 Commissioner must now make a stand. First time kneeling, out for game. Second time kneeling, out for season/no pay!
I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud & vicious, I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!
So important. Should have been done years ago!
Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!
....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due & we are raising rates - Really?
China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual, not a level playing field...
My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy, such a great loss. May God be with you all!
Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic!
Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES
....proliferation, cyber attacks, trade, Ukraine, Middle East peace, North Korea and more. There are many answers, some easy and some hard, to these problems...but they can ALL be solved!
The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed, including stopping terrorism, security for Israel, nuclear........
I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S., but not for long!
Really big jobs meeting today at the White House! 3 P.M.
Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES. Thank you to @foxandfriends and @FoxNews for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they dont want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set.
The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia, even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that Ill probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup, sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me, and the good people surrounding me, are total fiction. Problem is, when you complain you just give them more publicity. But Ill complain anyway!
The Democrats have a death wish, in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday, the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE!
Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices, maybe substantially, on prescription drugs.
A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor, Andrew Brunson, from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. @RT_Erdogan should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband & father. He has done nothing wrong, and his family needs him!
The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic Party and MS-13!
Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to support. Kevin has been strong on Crime, the Border, the 2nd Amendment, and he loves our Military and Vets. @RepKevinYoder has my full and total endorsement!
Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime, strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement.
3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition!
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. Its called Trump Derangement Syndrome!
A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4% growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again.  @foxandfriends @kilmeade
Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsement came appropriately late, but when it came the flood gates opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve. Enjoy!
....Russia has agreed to help with North Korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush, the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!
While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace, the meeting with Russia may prove to be, in the long run, an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting..
So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come!
Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate, now as the most effective president, the most successful president, in modern American history. Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs!
The Democrats want to abolish ICE, which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November.
The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success, except in the Fake News Media!
The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!
Thank you @RandPaul. The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - whats he supposed to think?
While I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!
I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future, only because of me. NATO was weak, but now it is strong again (bad for Russia). The media only says I was rude to leaders, never mentions the money!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9pmE and @TuckerCarlson tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy!
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world. #HELSINKI2018
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace, than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. #HELSINKI2018
As I said today and many times before, I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people. However, I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future, we cannot exclusively focus on the past  as the worlds two largest nuclear powers, we must get along! #HELSINKI2018
Thank you Helsinki, Finland!
Joint Press Conference from Helsinki, Finland:?t=1h19m53s
It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you!
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldnt happen, was no big deal, & did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present & future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong & rich!
Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!
...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country  but at some point, it will heal!
...over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasnt good enough  that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...
Heading to Helsinki, Finland  looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter how well I do at the Summit, if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...
There hasnt been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end, but why isnt the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS!
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didnt Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, thats why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesnt want to report the truth, as usual!
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones.
....Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that there was no way to 270 (over & over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!
So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings), to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didnt! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News......
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didnt they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
....Where is the DNC Server, and why didnt the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?
The Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
This is now changing - for the first time!

Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May...?t=7m23s
Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, our great Military & Vets, Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement!
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made!
Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instance, the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6%, its lowest level ever, from 4.9% in May.
Thank you #NATO2018!
#NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels, Belgium:?t=4s
....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2% commitment, and that must ultimately go to 4%!
Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!
As I head out to a very important NATO meeting, I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena & is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General? @FoxNews
Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isnt nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europes borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time, by former FBI Agent/Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!
Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but is anybody really surprised!  Together with her lover, FBI Agent Peter Strzok, she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt, perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, dont Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the good ol fashioned way, WIN ELECTIONS!
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europes protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!
...things up, better than ever before, but it cant go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win!
I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium...
Just talked with Pfizer CEO and @SecAzar on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so American patients dont pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!
The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit), and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO, and nicely pay for it. Just doesnt work!
A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.
Many countries in NATO, which we are expected to defend, are not only short of their current commitment of 2% (which is low), but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made. Will they reimburse the U.S.?
Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS
I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about  the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace!
On behalf of the United States, congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed, great job!
Thank you to all of my great supporters, really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals. Economy is ROARING. Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS. New Poll says Trump, at over 90%, is the most popular Republican in history of the Party. Wow!
NATO countries must pay MORE, the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!
Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U.S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs (& Barriers)!
Tonight, it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service, as the indispensable guardians of our great @USArmys technology! #CenturyOfService
Pfizer & others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor & others unable to defend themselves, while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe & elsewhere. We will respond!
The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we dont believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty.
I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &, even more importantly, our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China, on the other hand, may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!
I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P.M.
...Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S., with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO!
The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office, they must do much more. Germany is at 1%, the U.S. is at 4%, and NATO benefits.......
They just didn't get it, but they do now!
Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9:00pmE tomorrow night at the @WhiteHouse. An exceptional person will be chosen!
Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:  2015: 22 2016: 36 2017: 14 2018: 0  Source: @USNavy
The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year) & now, 13 Angry Democrats, should look into the missing DNC Server, Crooked Hillarys illegally deleted Emails, the Pakistani Fraudster, Uranium One, Podesta & so much more. Its a Democrat Con Job!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the Special Counsel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation & that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court!
Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon, the Washington Post, who constantly quote anonymous sources that, in my opinion, dont exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years!
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others), colluded with Russia. They havent figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP, America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!
A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy, amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW, ORDER and JUSTICE!
It was my great honor to join proud, hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA_ruzIlF?t=1s
...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!
I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job, and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA, Andrew Wheeler, will...
Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!
.....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people OUT, and they must leave, just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of judges does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!
Congress must pass smart, fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job, but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people, with or without children, enter our Country, they must be told to leave without our........
Happy Birthday, America!
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up & they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!

Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men & women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America - & we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES!
...has endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces  the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!
Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members, and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years, American Independence...
Thank you, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, for that warm introduction. Tonight, it was my great honor to attend the Greenbrier Classic  Salute to Service Dinner in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL!_mi6QQi7XVM8hwHDlXI3Cpzn-RCN4Z3j6OIp50Q1J?t=1s
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting anonymous sources that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard, does a great job, and raises lots of money for charities!
Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!
Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U.S., my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U.S. Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7% in 2017. The U.S. is where the Action is!
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!
How can the Democrats, who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime, do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security, while the Democrats are more interested in  ripping apart and demeaning (and not properly funding) our great Law Enforcement!
When we have an infestation of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov.
The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and thats prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event, they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed, but nobody ever asked!
I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court!
Crazy Maxine Waters, said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics, is rapidly becoming, together with Nancy Pelosi, the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving, even referring to herself as a wounded animal, will make people flee the Democrats!
Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their leadership wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE, thereby declaring war on Law & Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and, in many cases, joining the Republican Party!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands, to the @WhiteHouse!
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!
The Liberal Left, also known as the Democrats, want to get rid of ICE, who do a fantastic job, and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews
When people come into our Country illegally, we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime!
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on Sunday on @FoxNews at 10:00 A. M. Enjoy!
Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or Filibuster, rule - or better yet, do both. Cryin Chuck would do it on day one, but well never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smart!
I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday, July 9th!
Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil & disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!
To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance, It will never happen!
The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen. I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 & clean out the toughest of situations. They are great!
The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker @GovWalker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!
Six months after our TAX CUTS, more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement account contributions. #TaxCutsandJobsAct_wG4nJahwFHGVS5_1oVCNuLM24?t=10m42s
Before going any further today, I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation, and filled our hearts with grief...
Prior to departing Wisconsin, I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene.
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!_zFvTlFsTFJub1dwUXd8MU95S0FRYUVFYU9LYhkur5FVBX8MOg6-iuNRANCQuuPoXyjfrCl-HA8fb7LC?t=33m2s
Today, we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15,000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered, there is no better place to build, hire and grow than right here in the United States!
I am in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn, which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15,000 Jobs, so great!
....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on in the FBI & DOJ with Crooked Hillary, the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!
When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22,000,000 Report...And what about the 13 Angry Democrats, will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and......
Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember, he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. Mueller/Comey best friends!
Just watched @SharkGregNorman on @foxandfriends. Said President is doing a great job. All over the world, people want to come back to the U.S. Thank you Greg, and youre looking and doing great!
Amy Kremer, Women for Trump, was so great on @foxandfriends. Brave and very smart, thank you Amy! @AmyKremer
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didnt Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isnt Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!
Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterdays closed door testimony and, according to most reports, refused to answer many questions. There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt, headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted, is Rigged!
...home addresses  putting these selfless public servants in harms way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY  but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!
In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their...
Thank you North Dakota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA
Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime, strong on borders, loves our Military, and our Vets! #NDSen
Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS
Today, I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country...
Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America, with the people that got you your success. Ive done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We wont forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!
Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WONT LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS & SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME.  WIN!
Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together, they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear, America is now stronger than ever before, and Im not going anywhere!
Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.
The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland!
A great First Lady!
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!
Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosis place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, hes out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmaster
Today, we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two  First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago, today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Valor...?t=8m24s
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!
The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?  Judge Andrew Napolitano
The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats, who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime, well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.
A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move, watch, it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered, they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!
It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders, loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY, HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it wont take very long!
....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, like India, being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they wont be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!
....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers, workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!
Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence, they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced & unfair trade is, but we will fix it.....
Thank you South Carolina. Now lets get out tomorrow and VOTE for @HenryMcMaster!?t=11s
Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA
The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI & DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!
Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isnt this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?
Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents
Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U., which has hurt us badly on trade, down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient!  #MAGA
Congresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!
Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original fighters, Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M.
....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in its tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to), because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ & FBI arent giving over requested documents?
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!
Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!
.@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and dont care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!
.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous hair show with me (where he seriously messed up my hair), & that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have humanized me-he is taking heat. He called & said monster ratings. Be a man Jimmy!
The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country, remove those Barriers & Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!
....Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!
We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Judges or Court Cases, bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...
Democrats, fix the laws. Dont RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt, so bad for our country - a total sham!
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Thank you @NVGOP! #MAGA_3o2OU0lHCFk53OSp75EyPTe3FRXBbP0IOQWFeId?t=2s
Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a friend and great man!
Its very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!
Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Countrys economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential, and trade deals are coming along well.
My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina, including all of those involved in last nights car accident, and their families.
...everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime  and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA
.@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around, Congressman Keith @RothfusForPA. He is running against #LambTheSham, who is telling...
Drudge Report  OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.
Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens  Failing New York Times
The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers have a positive outlook for their companies.  This is the best number in the Associations history!
The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!
.@FoxNews  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others.
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. & its great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure, our citizens are safe, and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all.
We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores..._C0SbzX?t=9m9s
Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!
80% of Mexicos Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, though, very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!
Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders, tough on Crime & big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military & our Vets. He will be a Great Governor & has my full Endorsement!
Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District!
Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!
Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!
Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto, RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!
Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - & the Dems are Obstructionists who wont give votes for political reasons & because they dont care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more Rs!
Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy, which is fantastic. Go get it!
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including heart, without getting Dem votes. Problem is, they dont care about security and Rs do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They wont vote for anything!
We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of  and if we show any weakness, millions of people will journey into our country.
I REALLY DONT CARE, DO U? written on the back of Melanias jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!
Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers.
Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!
I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you!
"The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of @POTUS's TAX CUT package and what it's done for our economy... @Varneyco
My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in our immigration laws all supported by extremist open border Democrats...and that's what they are - they're extremist open border Democrats....
Democrats want open Borders, where anyone can come into our Country, and stay. This is Nancy Pelosis dream. It wont happen!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders, Healthcare, the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement! #MAGA
What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate, and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct (which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you!
Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd!
I will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters, a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina, Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard & was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating!
The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi, who are weak on Crime and Border security, will be forced to do a real deal, so easy, that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now hell take Crime!
We shouldnt be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing our laws, building the Wall, hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password.
ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM!
Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 10,000 who could not get in - I will return! Congratulations to @PeteStauber who is loved and respected in Minnesota!
Thank you Duluth, Minnesota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So sorry, people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL!
Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @PeteStauber and his wonderful family!
Dont worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it!
Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt! #StopTheBias
Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!
?t=1s
More records! #MAGA
FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias. @FoxNews  Big News, but the Fake News doesnt want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly, too big a story!
Its the Democrats fault, they wont give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders, which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world, and the Dems will do anything not to change them & to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!
THANK YOU @HouseGOP!
Earlier today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the @WhiteHouse!
Homeland Security @SecNielsen did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country, while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete & nasty laws, which force family separation. We want heart and security in America!
I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border...it has been going on for many, many decades...
THANK YOU @NFIB! #NFIB75?t=1s
Join me tomorrow in Duluth, Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: 
#CHANGETHELAWS   Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done, always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security.
We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip, and only 2000 are with their parents, many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions.
Democrats are the problem. They dont care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, to pour into and infest our Country, like MS-13. They cant win on their terrible policies, so they view them as potential voters!
If you dont have Borders, you dont have a Country!
Crime in Germany is up 10% plus (officials do not want to report these crimes) since migrants were accepted. Others countries are even worse. Be smart America!
I cant think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election! Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!p
Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comeys best friend. Witch Hunt!
If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have, the Fake News would have named him a national hero!
It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!
CHANGE THE LAWS!
Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic, with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U.S.
We dont want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!
The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!
Why dont the Democrats give us the votes to fix the worlds worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs, including MS-13, coming into our country illegally?
The highest level of bias Ive ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer. Trey Gowdy on the FBIs own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal, isnt it?
The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security & Safety. Dont wait until after the election because you are going to lose!
Why was the FBIs sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry & Conflicted Democrats, when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover, lawyer Lisa Page, that well stop Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!
Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News, they put their own spin on it - truth doesnt matter to them!
WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didnt look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!
Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isnt paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is @WaPo a registered lobbyist?
Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years.
The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over here, in our country, some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win, even if it does save potentially millions & millions of lives!
Holding back the war games during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation. Also, quite provocative. Can start up immediately if talks break down, which I hope will not happen!
Funny how the Fake News, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I met. Thats because thats all they have to disparage! We got so much for peace in the world, & more is being added in finals. Even got our hostages/remains!
Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: This IG Report makes it clear, as did Rod Rosensteins memo, that Trump was absolutely justified, unquestionably justified, in firing Jim Comey. So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now.  Witch Hunt!
Please clear up the Fake News!
Chuck Schumer said the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat. Thank you Chuck, but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place, blew up launch sites. Hostages already back, hero remains coming home & much more!
The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger, so does our country. Best numbers ever!
Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things, High Taxes, High Crime and Obstruction. Sad!
Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk at the #G7Summit in Canada last week.
The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the #G7Summit in Canada. They are once again, WRONG!
I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany, but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (implying anger) of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for!
Ive had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report...and never forget the Fake News Media. It never ends!
Wow, what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort, who has represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didnt know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair!
The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall, end Catch & Release, Visa Lottery and Chain, and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN!
Donald Trump was 100% right to fire James Comey. Mark Levin
Why in the world didnt Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)? asks Mark Levin!
Wow, the highest rated (by far) morning show, @foxandfriends, is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe Ill have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?
U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election, they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy, and jobs, would have been a disaster!
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this, along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail, and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.
The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader, by far, in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!
FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton & Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Report, that well stop candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesnt get any lower than that!
Happy #FlagDay
Happy 243rd Birthday to the @USArmy! Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication to the U.S.A. We love you!
....Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace, and his disciples brought it when we would not settle.
The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18,800,000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in, $19,200,000. I wont settle this case!...
So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, illegally leak (Comey) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed, and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!
Now that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to North Korea, the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt, always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime.
The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way!
Congratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts, and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime & Borders, big on Cutting Taxes!
Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RVs are not for her. People are really upset, so phony! Josh Hawley should win big, and has my full endorsement.
So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have begged for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Countrys biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!
Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good!
The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!
Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!
Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff, Tim Kaine, who is weak on crime and borders, and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Dont underestimate Corey, a major chance of winning!
...realize the economy is the best its ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be punch-drunk. I guess he doesnt...
My political representatives didnt want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate, and Sanford was so bad, I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!
A year ago the pundits & talking heads, people that couldnt do the job before, were begging for conciliation and peace - please meet, dont go to war. Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un, the same haters shout out, you shouldnt meet, do not meet!
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim, our day together was historic!
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting  the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea  proves that real change is possible!
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce & engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security & prosperity for his citizens!
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America.  _CLINTON_EMAILS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2016-06-29-17-38-07
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them!
New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica
The story with Hillary will never change.
For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
"@Gengm7: @jakeda @realDonaldTrump As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding"
I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! 
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
"@jtsbk:  @AllenWest thanks for sharing Eric we need @realDonaldTrump now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe"
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will the world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clintons Presidency would be catastrophic for the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here:   #CrookedHillary #Trump2016
"@kridan1: Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube"
"@bluedogdemky: @CWAUnion @iowa_trump @RichardTrumka @AFLCIO This is why I would think the unions would support @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS"
"@arnold_ziffel: @AnnCoulter also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as @realDonaldTrump was speaking. #UPUPUP"
"@Patricia_Graf:  @GovBrewer @cvpayne let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs"
"@vegas_sports: Good for @realDonaldTrump he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for #Trump
"@GovBrewer: I'll be a guest today on Making Money with @cvpayne on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing @realDonaldTrump. Tune in!"
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
"@LindaSuhler: Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing & we're taking our country BACK. #Trump2016 #MAGA
"@w4djt: "Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals!" Donald Trump #dtmag "
"@brazosboys: Hillary read "sigh" off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel:  @FoxNews
"@JimVitari:  @ABC @washingtonpost we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush #CrookedHillary in general"
The "dirty" poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: 
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: 
The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thank you to everyone who came out & joined us @TrumpTurnberry yesterday! @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
On the 13th tee box @TrumpScotland with my grand daughter, Kai! @DonaldJTrumpJr 
Arriving @TrumpScotland with @DonaldJTrumpJr & @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight.  Video: 
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
"@Jolena3: @realDonaldTrump And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!"
"@DarrenWaggener: @realDonaldTrump What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal & illegal immigrants settled..
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free & ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, & as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave & brilliant vote.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership 
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton.
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou 
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. Im not watching it much anymore.
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, Im consulting with our immigration officers & our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama & Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, & start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clintons open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic & African-American workers.
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families #CrookedHillary
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency."  --   Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
"@AllegrettiVicki: You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father." Thank you.
"@1lion: brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You'  slogan  @realDonaldTrump "
"@justininglv: @realDonaldTrump great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!"  Thank you.
#Imwithyou 
#Imwithyou
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
"@chrisboydbrew: @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump @FoxBusiness.. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers" Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty & judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted 
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
"@bfraser747: Watch out HillaryClinton  Support @realDonaldTrump   #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  "
Yesterday's failing @NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed!
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016 
See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016
I love you Arizona! Thank you! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst   Cirque du Soleil - Mystere At Treasure Island
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Houston, Texas!  #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!
Thank you- on my way!
Thank you @DallasPD!
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
"@VoteTrumpMAGA: The media attack on @realDonaldTrump is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep #Trump in the news - a good thing.
Thank you Dallas, Texas!  
Houston, TX:   Las Vegas, NV   Phoenix, AZ: 
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: 
"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer." 
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! 
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from  U.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016  Video: 
"@realericjallen: @realDonaldTrump is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, & US JOBS, JOBS, JOB.
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!?wpisrc=nl_popns&wpmm=1
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about @POTUS." But he's right:
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:   WEDNESDAY! GEORGIA:   SATURDAY! NEVADA: 
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016 Tickets: 
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: 
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: 
I thought people werent celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right.
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:  
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: 
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT:    Saint Anselm College
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh @Penguins!
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
"@WandaWalls20: @realDonaldTrump Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims & their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart & vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly.
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst
Thank you Tampa, Florida! #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond, Virginia!  #Trump2016
Thank you @FaithandFreedom Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values. #RTM2016 #Trump2016
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016 Tickets: 
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
2004 VIDEO: Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
"Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP Legacy Of Leading On Womens, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats"
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Join me!  6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pm 6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am 6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm 6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pm 
"@Ausbiz:  RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS & #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@FoxNews: .@JamesRosenFNC: "Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @TheJusticeDept."
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
"@FreemarketSara: Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations @realDonaldTrump "
Join me! #Trump2016  6/10: Richmond   6/11: Tampa   6/11: Pittsburgh 
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated.
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted?
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv:  
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obamabut nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
"@KathyCeurter: @realDonaldTrump please Mr.Trump make @SenatorJeffSessions your VP. He is a perfect running mate."  He is a great guy!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
"@mabynshingleton: JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want @realDonaldTrump. You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave @GOP"
"@Dale_Dangler: @realDonaldTrump You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen"  Thanks.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
"@nauthizjane: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. Trump."  Thank you!
"@setfire2flames: Senator Sanders spent more than @realDonaldTrump yet lost."
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016
"@lovusa4: @RichardWeaving Why @foxandfriends @NewDay WHERE IS THE REPORTING @realDonaldTrump <MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA"
"@mariadaq:  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, &pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!"
"@sara_wejesa: @realDonaldTrump Great speach!!!!!!!"  Thanks!
"@jimhewitt: . @FrankCaliendo doing @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike is awesome. "Number one presidency of all time"
"@JoeDeFranco: Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you"
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
"@southpaw816: @SenSanders fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for @realDonaldTrump, at least you'll have a job.
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
"@WolfStopper: Gee ... Does this make @realDonaldTrump right one more time? "
"@DjD_Thunder: Standing by @realDonaldTrump all the way to the White House! "
Thank you California! #Trump2016 
Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016 
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016 
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016 
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016 
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M.
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC & VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.
Thank you Diamond and Silk!
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944.
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
"@sareed59:  Our ineffective #POTUS has to make a speech in #Elkhart to make everything look great. Mr. Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way.
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
"@Don_Vito_08: Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! #VoteTrump2016 JOIN ME ON THE #TrumpTrain _Vito_08/status/739075864793653248/photo/1"
"@rapidcraft: Heres The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About  @realDonaldTrump"
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Thank you Redding, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
"I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump."
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
"@fivestarr6028: Yes! Hubby and I voted 4 @realDonaldTrump already! " Thank you.
"@LiliannyLeebou: I think the first female president of the USA will be @IvankaTrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!"
"@LunsfordWhitney: This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president! #Women4Ttump #Trump2016 "
"@angeloftruth11: Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?  "
"@Crz4basball: @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too."
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After @TrumpScotland, I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, @TrumpScotland.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort, the worlds best.
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016 Tickets: 
.@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in @SInow / @Golf_com. Keep up the great work!
"@RobertMordica: @realDonaldTrump Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time." THANK YOU!
"@Valenti317: @realDonaldTrump she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her."
"@TaylorEdwards99: THIS IS @POTUS'S LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED @realDonaldTrump NOW!! #MAGA #TRUMP2016
"@free_SA_BD: @realDonaldTrump A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country."
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews & will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Tickets: 
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
"@HaloDad22: @realDonaldTrump I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent #Teachers4Trump! We represent #CA4Trump! #NeverDems
"@SCPioneer: @stockdaleism @JamesRosenFNC @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took." Thanks.
Thank you Sacramento, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #Trump2016 
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@NBCDFW: Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering  "
"@FrankyLamouche: how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east."
"@MariaErnandez3b: Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally #TRUMP STRONG " So true, and remember the M.I.A.'s!
"@ScottWRasmussen: Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally " A great day in D.C.!
"@TeaPartyNevada: #Trump2016 "Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans."   "
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart & strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money & get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style & that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- & I'm beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California! Thank you!! #Trump2016
I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President! 
My wife @MELANIATRUMP, and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy! #MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr. & Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Anaheim, California! #Trump2016
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
"@gordonsr1052:  Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!"
"@buiIdthewall: @realDonaldTrump high energy!"
"@PiperSul: Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
"@DeepakS76435750: @realDonaldTrump congratulations from India"
"@oasisupernova: @realDonaldTrump UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE #TrumpTrain  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@jknatter: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTrain"
"@tcloer11: @realDonaldTrump Great job! Make America Great Again!"
@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing @NYTimes story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written!  
A suggestion for the dishonest media- 
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by @JasonDovEsq
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it & you will never be able to vote for her. @Ed_Klein
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 & 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Join me in California or Montana! 5/25/16: Anaheim, California  5/26/16: Billings, Montana 
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obamas VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not widespread. I will take care of our vets!
Is Hillary really protecting women? 
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America! #Trump2016
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center! #Trump2016 #MAGA  Tickets: 
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We cant allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
"@dubilujane: I trust @realDonaldTrump more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a  doubt.
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
"@RBacliff: Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on #TrumpTrain & join @NRA to stop her."
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."
@montgomeriefdn  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
"@montgomeriefdn: @TrumpTurnberry Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it "
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox & the @NRA!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @NRA- prior to @GOPconvention! #Trump2016 #2A
Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks @piersmorgan!  "Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: @NRA
I am on my way! See you all soon!
"A Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq@jgreenblatt/a-call-for-unity-2e7a33eceef3#.k45jbtw9t
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
Thank you @LtStevenLRogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016
Thank you Arizona! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
"@ShoneeP: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare"
"@MagicMetalNinja:  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST."
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"@LouDobbs: Hillary Just Handed @realDonaldTrump a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"@sandrajeanne48: No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES @TheFive"
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
"@michael_favreau: @JIS3 @realDonaldTrump He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016"
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
"@COWBOYSFORTRUMP: @ChristiChat @Rockprincess818 @realDonaldTrump That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
"@jrector34: @realDonaldTrump Amazing job"
"@mai_Ttag:  Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!"
I like Michael Douglas!
"@thydanielflores: .@megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Best interview that I have ever seen.
"@CostaKenneth: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Great interview Megyn"
"@svhlevi: @DiamondandSilk @realJeffreyLord @realDonaldTrump @CNN and we love you Diamond and Silk"  I do also!
"@johnjohnlacca: Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president #MegynKellyPresents
"@markgruber1960: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed"  True!
"@ladytsbrug: Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! @realDonaldTrump" Thanks.
"@Janik1968: @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts"
"@KaceyIlliot1669: @realDonaldTrump We actually really do love you!" Great!
"@johnkirtley:  @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!"
"@jlund04: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done."
"@FrankDallasAgg: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!"
"@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
"@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!"
"@curtandkaren: Kudos to @megynkelly and @realDonaldTrump for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy "
"@gerriweth: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job"
"@SandraR67758219: @realDonaldTrump You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!"
"@longbyfive: @realDonaldTrump great interview with @megynkelly !" Thanks.
"@HFFoundation4: @realDonaldTrump One thing we know for sure @BernieSanders supporters will turn to #Trump - absolutely not @HillaryClinton"
"@wesleyfelixpsi: @realDonaldTrump speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all. @FoxNews @megynkelly
"@manakoa:DonaldTrump, you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. @megynkelly is a tough interview! Respect to both"
"@ragdollive: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!!" Not really soft at all!
"@xGodfatherxzx: @realDonaldTrump amazing on Megan Kelly" Thanks.
"@TrumpTrainRider: .@realDonaldTrump Watching you on Fox with @megynkelly now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about."
I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
I will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy!
I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats meI think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices & 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary! Closes at 8pm! 
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
"@AprilLaJune: OREGON votes today! Go vote for @realDonaldTrump and kick it BIG TIME! "
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. Thats because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the @nytimes is failingwho can believe what they write after the false, malicious & libelous story they did on me.
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends.
Thank you, Anthony @Scaramucci @WSJ "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump"?mod=trending_now_
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
Great new poll- thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Thank you Georgia! See you soon! #Trump2016
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
"@TakingIt_Back:  @nytimes keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! #Trump2016" Thanks.
"@tzard000: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!"  Thank you!
Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
"@DistlerJoyce: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP "
"@MrTohNey: Leicester & DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?
"@QueenCharlotteO: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes I'm a women & I 100% support @realDonaldTrump & I have since the beginning. Thank you!
The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN @FoxNews
"@stranahan: Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart "
Wow, @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
Great new poll- thank you!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I have such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon!_story.html
.@thehill  Your story about me & the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
Great meeting with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016
Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, wed have no jobs in Americashe doesnt have a clue.
In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isnt it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump & gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediaasking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldnt care less about the American workerdoes nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womans card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
"@Ward_II: Oh great @MittRomney is doing a @SenatorReid on @realDonaldTrump like losing the presidency wasn't enough #Trump2016" He's a fool
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
I am in Virginia @RegentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here:    Regent University
I am self funding my campaign & don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016 Watch:
.@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @Snapchat!  Username: realdonaldtrump  
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!  
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
Exclusive interview w/ my wife @MELANIATRUMP- tomorrow morning @ 8amE on @Morning_Joe w/ @morningmika @MSNBC. Enjoy!
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks, Nevada! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus Finder:   
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love & invest in Nevada!
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today!  #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV
"@StevenMeyers11: @Vogelsong1 @EdRollins @FoxNews Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process & gets it right"
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
"@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.
"@Vogelsong1: @EdRollins gets it. Was just on @FoxNews explaining how Trump wins the general election."  Thank you Ed!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out & said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV 
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus 
Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI Trump 35% Kasich 17% Cruz 12% Rubio 12% Carson 9%  Via: ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina!  #VoteTrumpNC on 3/15! Trump 36% Cruz 18% Rubio 18% Carson 10% Kasich 7% Via @SurveyUSA
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMA
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15! Trump 28% Cruz 15% Rubio 14% Kasich 13% Bush 8% Carson 6% Simon Poll/SIU
I will be on @seanhannity tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video: 
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
"@SandraR677582: @FLTrumpTeam Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! #Trump2016"
"@ScotMReed: No matter what liar sleazeball @rickwtyler says about @tedcruz in Tennessee. We have early voting and @realDonaldTrump has won.
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
"@1sonny12: @KSmith233035 @mitchellvii  FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP"
"@gregusp61: You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!"
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
"@EricTrump: Nevada we are on our way! #VoteTrumpNV #Trump2016 Caucus locator:  "
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you South Carolina!
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.
The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
"@mikeliberation: This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol #Trump2016"
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
"@CarrollKuykend2: This veteran just voted @realDonaldTrump in the SC primary, let's make America great again!"
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
"@Carolyn82471448: @WayneDupreeShow @realDonaldTrump All aboard the Trump Train!"
"@JoeNBC: Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60% of Americans still supported the war. "
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
"@micah_micahk: @realDonaldTrump @blackan @DanScavino this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting! "
"@BirgitOlsen1: @realDonaldTrump @Justice41ca  @Vote_For_Trump EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA"
"@Blackan: #SCPrimary @realDonaldTrump is the only one who will protect American interests. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain "
"@TrumpNewMedia: WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE! #WATCH: ?v=SK5LrA4KR0I
"@ResisTyr:  Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it! "
"@FamilyRedsFans: @FoxNews is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. #fairandbalancedmyass"  He is weak on illegal immigration!
"@TrumpNewMedia:  Get out & #VoteTrump if you don't #VoteTrump NOTHING will change it's that simple! #VoteTrump "
"@Metazip: @AnnCoulter @DavidJMadeira  TheTrump phenomenon summed up: Leadership, Fighter and Winner. Not a Liar "
Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
"@rwalkerTennesse: #SouthCarolina If you want a job next January @Vote_For_Trump today. @realDonaldTrump will work for the people."
"@dnmiller2000: @realDonaldTrump I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs & should demand security. It is time to get tough & be smart!
I use both iPhone & Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
I have built so many great & complicated projects creating tens of thousands of jobs-video: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
Im self-funding and I am going to take care of the people  not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, & allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice & freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, & replace it w/ something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper & have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period.
A message from @IvankaTrump! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Video: 
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"@KathyTravels777:   @andersoncooper Tonight on CNN @realDonaldTrump was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people"
Tonight I will be on @FoxNews with @SeanHannity at 10pm and @CNN w/ @AndersonCooper at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC 
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party! #SCPrimary #Trump2016
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016
Response to the Pope: 
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
.@FoxNews is changing their  theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016
THANK YOU AMERICA!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, @LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home.
.@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
.@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
"@ChJLuc91: @YomasterJon @RichardTBurnett  Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be #POTUS! #Trump2016"
Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
"@debdew2:  @brithume @megynkelly @DiamondandSilk FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE -  TRUMP IS WINNING "
Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon
"@Good2bqueen67:  @brithume @megynkelly They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it."
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Will be interviewed by @StephenAtHome tonight by phone- a late show first @CBS @colbertlateshow. Enjoy!  #Colbert #LSSC
Thank you, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday!
#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong 
Just sat down for a great interview with @PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU! VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC
Thank you for your continued support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ:  #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician!
Jeb used Eminent Domain & took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2) 
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue & never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists & special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors & special ints
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete & total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really?
"@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush Jeb is incompetent and will lose, don't waste your energy on that cry baby!"
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
"@jeffpaine:  @realDonaldTrump you crushed the debate! Thank you!
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends
Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can @JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.
Lightweight @JebBush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie!  #GOPDebate
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife @MelaniaTrump. 
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot & I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington & Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
"@AmFree: #Trump On #Ford, #Carrier, Shipping #Jobs To #Mexico: Im The Only One Who Understands Whats Going On "
"@ThtsWhtKelSaid: I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card, & take back our country
"@BrandonSawyer84: @realDonaldTrump will rule #SouthCarolinaPrimary! "
"@wino911:  #Trump2016 We know better than to trust the RNC "   So cute!
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! 
"Get on Trump's List" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay.  Email: 
"@grammies28: @realDonaldTrump was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back. _tribune/status/698551761624133632"  I told you so, only going to get worse
"@Elvisfan1976: @NRSC stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!
"@dj4k4000: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this."
"@nellalda: @DonaldJTrump45 @realDonaldTrump @Reince They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!"
"@Bonfiredesigns: @StellaDean Let's Get United In America With @realDonaldTrump "
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant.
"@jd4160: Nice column by Bill Donahue, head of Catholic League. He's a blue collar New Yorker and gets it "
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckermans @NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Millions of $'s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush, are now running in S.C.
"@copyover2001: @realDonaldTrump   Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?"
"@by @tedcruz good I want to see the court decide what I was always told "natural born" means - born on American soil"
"@hillx123: @tedcruz you have just been put on notice @realDonaldTrump We Stand with you... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain" Thankyou.
Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
If @TedCruz doesnt clean up his act, stop cheating, & doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight @JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect & ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 
The failing @NYDailyNews, destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.  Visit:   Message from @IvankaTrump: 
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement, Trump & Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin & others??v=9OE_lHQZGuM
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @RealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values?#ixzz3zuAXvW83
"@truthinvest: @CNN @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask @RealBenCarson"
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary
"@HARyder: Which is it @realDonaldTrump ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?  Get rid of it fast.
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great entertainer" - I assume that is a compliment!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews, looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless @NYDailyNews, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
"@MarkHalperin: My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimary 
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our "leader" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at:   #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH  Video: 
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader!
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN
Thank you, New Hampshire!  #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH   Voting questions? 
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they dont get things done. Video: 
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary
Thank you Newt!
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow:
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast @ChezVachon this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
.@ABCPolitics #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy!
I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!
"@JoeNBC: @jonkarl: "This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.""
"@JoeNBC: Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night."
"@piersmorgan: Trump won that debate. People can huff & puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. #GOPDebate
"@piersmorgan:  Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always, @David_Gergen calls it right: Trump held them off. #GOPDebate"
"@newtgingrich: Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure"
"@newtgingrich: Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making"
"@JoeNBC: Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights."
"@JoeNBC: Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)"
"@JoeNBC: Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night."
"@GOP_Left_Me: @JoeNBC Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio.
"@MarkHalperin: My debate report card: Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B+, Kasich B+, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here.
"@JoeNBC: Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South."
"@ABC:DonaldTrump: "The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order." #GOPDebate "
"@ABCPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump dominating @Google searches throughout #GPLFers.  "
"@ABCPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump led in @twitter conversation during the #GOPDebate.  "
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now: 
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
"@realOllieTaylor: @paintonmy: IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.
"@paintonmyjeans: If I owned a big company that was failing, I'd hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered"
"@big_carsonrocks: AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz & Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful & not owned candidate"
"@Enlighten2881: @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 How come Rubio&Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?"
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders & the drugs will stop pouring in. 
"@lisabrossman:  @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!"
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
"@billrey16929057: @seanhannity #Hannity @realDonaldTrump is the only hope to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN"
"@ukcatwoman52: @ericnlin @AC360 all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying."
"@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! #VoteTrump" Thanks!
"@ericnlin: @AC360 DonaldTrump: no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.  TRUMP 2016"
Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately!
It never ends!  
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals.
10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it.
Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
"@DharmaBum77: Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets! #TrumpSupporters @realDonaldTrump 
"@MaryAnn1942: @realDonaldTrump why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trumps talk materializes! He will make America great again
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I very much look forward to tomorrows debate in New Hampshireso many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016
"@rkswaney7: @CNN @realDonaldTrump I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up & you'll have this Democrats vote."
Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice!
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I wont let them take away our guns! #Trump2016 Watch: 
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum.
.@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
#ICYMI: @KarlRove & @oreillyfactor discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. 
Thank you @billoreilly & @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. #Trump2016 
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #VotersSpeak: 
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies."
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd!  #FITN #Trump2016 
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
"@stephbewitching @realDonaldTrump All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!"
"@restorereality  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! #TrumpTrain"
"@ellenEspence @realDonaldTrump Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won."
"@93101Dianne @realDonaldTrump if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing"
"@LoreWestphal @realDonaldTrump You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!"
.@Morning_Joe @mikebarnicle on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz & Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us! #CaucusForTrump 11am WATERLOO:  1:30pm CEDER RAPIDS: 
.@DonaldJTrumpJr & his wife @MrsVanessaTrump attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor @TerryBranstad.
Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video: 
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CaucusForTrump Video: 
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal & replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump 
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump #iCaucused #iVoted?v=_Otk1FRbNR8&feature=youtu.be
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: 
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump 
"@gigglemitz: @GeraldoRivera @FoxNews damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!
"@classyexplorer: @oreillyfactor @DRUDGE So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?"
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump  Tickets: 
.@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like @BenSasse, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!
.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Thank you for all of your support Iowa! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #IACaucus finder: 
They say that if I participated in last nights Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more & would have broken the all time record.
Thank you, America! #Trump2016 Via @DRUDGE_REPORT
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016?aff=
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
"Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!" John Wayne Walding  
Thank you! Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents.  Trump 47% Clinton 43%
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy & proud
Thank you for your interest & support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder: 
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! 
Thank you for your support!
Thank you, America!
#IACaucus  2/1/2016  6:30pm #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  Iowa caucus finder:  #GOPDebate
Thank you for the kind words tonight, @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely. #ThankAVet Video: 
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate
Watching biased Charles @krauthammer, a @FoxNews flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
"Donald Trump Hands Bill OReilly Cable TV Viewership Win"- @deadline-
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder: 
I hear that @SenTedCruzs $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Teds) holdings.?
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C.#36c1736268da
Tennessee GOP Poll  Trump 32.7% Cruz 16.5% Carson 6.6% Rubio 5.3% Christie 2.4% Jeb 1.6%
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #Trump4Vets 
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder: 
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016 
What America Needs: The Case for Trump Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord @JeffJlpa1 Available now. =nb_sb_ss_i_2_13?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&field-keywords=jeffrey+lord+what+america+needs&sprefix=Jeffrey+Lord+%2Cstripbooks%2C164
"@GmoneyRainmaker: I hope @CNN has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching @FoxNews. Watching Trump tonight #GOPDebate"
"@rkirchmeyer: So @megynkelly brings in #MichaelMoore to add credibility in her fight with @realDonaldTrump?  #FoxNews #ROGERAILES"
"@BradCross4: @Drudge_Report_ @realDonaldTrump "
"@chgardens1: @mitchellvii Pathetic attempt to bribe @realDonaldTrump He can't be bought"
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
"@laurencristmann: @realDonaldTrump why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, he's not eligible"
"@hollywoodJV: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, it's a great country"  So true!
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
"@michaelG4NY: new @nbcnews WSJ poll shows @realDonaldTrump pulling ahead of @tedcruz in #Iowa. "  Great!
"@Rick_Gobbi: @realDonaldTrump ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is."  GREAT IDEA!
"@Plazzmatic: @realDonaldTrump @danpgabriel Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing.
"@_HankRearden: I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. We're just tired of it from your side. 1949z @steph93065 _HankRearden/status/692532427630235652/photo/1"  NO!
"@dukeofbc:  @megynkelly debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada"
"@CJCboi: @DRJAMESCABOT @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @Carolde @PlaysTrumpCard Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?"
"@HaloOneForTrump: @foxnews takes #YUGE hit on advertising revenues by screwing with @realDonaldTrump ROFL! "
"@Davejager1: @creta_r 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS."
"@HenryOray: @CNNPolitics @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors"
"@gene70: @FireFlyFury @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump And this is the bimbo that's asking presidential questions? "
"@splashpoint50: @realDonaldTrump Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!"
"@creta_r: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!"
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder: 
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
It was the childishly written & taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, @megynkelly.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists & special interests. 
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty & dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001 #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings!
Thank you, America! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation"
"Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump" #Trump2016
THANK YOU! #Trump2016 #IACaucus finder: 
Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
Should I do the #GOPdebate? 
.@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himselfa bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at  - so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
I will end common core. It's a disaster.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"@puttster71: @bobvanderplaats The next president isn't on ur stage. @realDonaldTrump is the next president."
"@AynsFriend: @bobvanderplaats CRUZ IS DONE @CNN @ChrisCuomo"
"@xXFlame: .@bobvanderplaats Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0%, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!"
"@realDonaldTrump hits new heights in national poll at 41%"
"Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%: "
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
"@laurencristmann:  @Sharp_Trident @megynkelly it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair"
I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!
"@Sharp_Trident: A huge disappointment to see @megynkelly constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show."
"@WhiteJacketPink: @MyPresidentme @realDonaldTrump just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written.
"@DittoPost: @realDonaldTrump @Crusade4Honesty @BornToBeGOP @megynkelly I believe in Trump!!!"
"@Crusade4Honesty:  @BornToBeGOP @megynkelly  Megan can not contain her bias, it's in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT"
"@JackBurtonReflx:  @jdenino1 @DavidWohl @ss I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View."
"@Belizediver88: @CNNSitRoom @CNN @megynkelly It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump."
"@KurtSchlichter: My pal @DavidWohl was just on Megan Kelly's show! He digs Trump.  Thank you David, you were great!
"@jdenino1: @DavidWohl @realDonaldTrump    BECK wanted to commit suicide after @ss surgery, clearly is unbalanced!"
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
"@realDonaldTrump & @HillaryClinton leading POLLS w/ one week until #IowaCaucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on @FoxBusiness 7PM"
Phyllis Schlaflys Eagle Forum: National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN.
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16! #IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016 
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- 
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  3:00pm:   7:30pm: 
I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016  Video:
IPSOS/REUTERS POLL Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
"@Rketeltas: Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump"
"@red77angelluis: @realDonaldTrump @NeilTurner_ @YouTube LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!"
"@MrJuuon: #WeAreBernie will be overtaken by #WeWantTrump. We are superior and have more supporters. #makeamericagreatagain #trump."
"@Knight276:  @C4Constitution trump right again #With_Cruz_you_lose! Nobody supports Canuck Cruz #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump2016
"@Tuggers56: @PMgeezer Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him,  DonaldTrump
"@JoeNBC: From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink, Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks. ?postshare=2101453660772214&tid=ss_tw"
"@MaryAnn1942: @realDonaldTrump @CBSNews ... You are like Superman, everywhere! But I'm keeping up.  Great!
"@M0ther0f2kids: @meetthepress @NBCNews @clewandowski Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD"
"@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump ?v=1FJ6WYtLgbo It's time we take America back! No more puppet presidents! #VoteTrump" So true!
"@keksec__org: @realDonaldTrump You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain __org/status/691260716020600833/photo/1"
Fox News Poll Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016
New Fox News Poll Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 #IACaucus
I will make our Military so big, powerful & strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016 
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!
I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!
"@deacon6375: @realDonaldTrump i honestly believe you are the only one who can make #AmericaGreatAgain.
"@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb.
"@snoozinglion1: .@realDonaldTrump Great comment after last rally @rightside on @YouTube "Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz." #Excellent"
"@CarolBurnett3:  @AnnCoulter I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you"
"@snoozinglion1: Full Speech: Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16)  via @YouTube One of his best ever"
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over.   review-doomed
Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Great new poll Iowa - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou
Thank you for having me this morning @AmericanLegion. I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Under a Trump administration, it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYou
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
There will be no amnesty! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou 
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA
Thank you America! #MAGA 
"@meequalsfree: Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house! @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence"
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYou Tickets: 
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYou Tickets: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare!
#CrookedHillary
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
"@PMNOrlando: @realDonaldTrump I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  & she still has room.
"@RhondaR: Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling @cnn you know racism & it's not DonaldTrump  via @BreitbartNews"
"@Patrici: Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems  via @gatewaypundit
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: 
"@LindaHarden: @realDonaldTrump America loves Trump and @mike_pence -- praying for you every day. Stay strong. #TrumpPence2016 #NeverHillary
NATIONAL DEBT  January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLION August 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage & bravery.
Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
"@GoldJazz559: #BlackMenForBernie Leader: #Hillary2016 No Regard For Black Race  via @dailycaller #BlacksForTrump
"@DiamondandSilk: Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. @CNN, she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border & WALL!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.  #ImWithYou
Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16 
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
Thank you @TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle  at 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat:
Meet the Trumpocrats: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President:
"Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery" #CrookedHillary
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American & Hispanic communities
The Clinton's are the real predators... 
"@Lewenskimo: Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!"
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." #FlashbackFriday
"@DonaldJTrumpJr: Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner  via dailycaller"
"@foxnation: Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor': "
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES.  Full speech transcript: 
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
"@Trump_Videos: .@Nigel_Farage of the #brexit fame - We CAN do this! We can #MAGA with @realDonaldTrump "
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall & enforce our laws!
Thank you for your support! #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT & together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down!  #MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County, Texas! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down! 
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: 
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
.@AnnCoulter's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Great meeting with active & retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio.
Statement on Clinton Foundation: 
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
"@realbill2016: @realDonaldTrump @Brainykid2010 @shl Trump leading LA Times poll "
"@Brainykid2010: @shl @realDonaldTrump The ad was actually very good!"
"@55Lidsville:  #TeamTrump @KellyannePolls You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K"
"@SinAbunz_TM: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!  #MAGA #TrumpPence16"
"@Jimbos2002:  @Morning_Joe Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. ?v=ALXulk0T8cg"
I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (& someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
"@EyeCandyTMGayle: @realDonaldTrump please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful"  Good!
"@J58golf: @realDonaldTrump been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!"
We will bring America together as ONE country again  united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. #TrumpPence16_story.html?utm_term=.9a231e4faa1b#
"@CatOnGlass: 200,000 new followers for @realDonaldTrump. From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump
.@Franklin_Graham @BillyNungesser @SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts & prayers.
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up. #StandWithLouisiana
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
Great job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana & another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up.
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
We are going to make this a government of the people once again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
We will repeal & replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster!
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, & lost opportunities. #ImWithYou
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYou
Thank you Governor @ScottWalker & @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou  Tickets: 
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou Video: 
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou Transcript: 
Will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets.... Cont: 
This is my pledge to the American people: 
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%'
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning!
#AmericasMerkel
"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION." 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
"@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U" Thanks
"@PaulaDuvall2: We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you!" Nice
"@need2knowu:  @willspeakout yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!"
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
"@willspeakout: Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! #TrumpTrain" Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
"@laurencristmann: Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with @C_Lynne_Ryan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm"
Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, & MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
"@EnemyWithinn: @realDonaldTrump @elsolarverde @nytimes People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump." That would indeed be nice!
"@elsolarverde: THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST @realDonaldTrump TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton "
"@SheriffClarke:  Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only @realDonaldTrump will change it"
Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it! 
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
"@DSF2020: Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media."
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" @CNN.
Great meeting w/ coal miners & leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA 
I will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!   Peterbilt
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad & irrelevant!
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
"@dbongino: Now cut off my mic! Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment  HEATED! "
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #TrumpPence16
Thank you @SenatorFischer! #TrumpPence16 
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"@LinHen23:  @foxandfriends Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help #MAGA #NeverHillary"
"@sprts08: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016"
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' 
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! 
Thank you Senator David Perdue! 
Thank you @RepLouBarletta! 
Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you!
Thank you Alex!
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: 
#ICYMI: "Will Media Apologize to Trump?"
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA   Windham, NH
.@Larry_Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16 
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Good luck #TeamUSA #OpeningCeremony #Rio2016
'Trump is right about violent crime: Its on the rise in major cities'_story.html
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President. 
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. 
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. @Mike_Pence, Iowa & Wisconsin!  3pm-  7pm- 
Thank you Portland, Maine!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain _qmQjnRA/
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! #CoastGuardDay
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors & counting here in Maine, thank you! @MaineGOP
Looking forward to IA & WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA  
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
My daughter @IvankaTrump will be on @Greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
Report raises questions about Clinton Cash from Russians during reset'
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
#ICYMI: John Podestas Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putins Uranium Company: 
#CrookedHillary
Join me in Florida tomorrow!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Daytona | 3pm-    Jacksonville | 7pm-  
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: 
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!
Great afternoon in Ohio & a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona & Jacksonville:  Daytona | 3pm-  Jacksonville | 7pm- 
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They dont want them heard.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillarys plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays & refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA
Thank you Oklahoma & Virginia!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: 
#CrookedHillary
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!
"@RealJamesWoods:  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope."
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:?custom_click=rss
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
#CrookedHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
While I am in OH & PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!  Carson City:   Reno: 
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio & Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA  3pm in OH:   7pm in PA: 
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!'
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars,  NAFTA/TPP support & Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
"@patrioticpepe: @realDonaldTrump ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!! #Trump2016 "
Thank you Denver, Colorado!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
As usual, Hillary & the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
#CrookedHillary Job Application
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement & insticts.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out & VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November!
"Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal."
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD! 
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!  Colorado Springs:   Denver: 
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Thank you!   Facebook:   Instagram: 
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary
"Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join @mike_pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: 
"@AnnCoulter: "I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT:  
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT!
#CrookedHillary
"Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win"
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
AMERICA'S FUTURE 
Bernie caved! 
"@LallyRay: Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart  @realdonaldtrump"  Great!
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnt exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
"@trumplican2016: @realDonaldTrump @DavidWohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE"
"@DavidWohl: Barack is offended that @realDonaldTrump will demand that #NATO allies pay their fair share. #DemsInPhilly"
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain_VzvM3Vw
#CrookedHillary
Thank you Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA
"Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far"
Great new poll - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President, @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight & Michigan Thursday!  MI:  WI: 
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP.
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS & her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Thank you New Hampshire!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA Tickets: 
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA  Tickets: 
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16 
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS & all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive & well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
The @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpPence16
"@NancyNielsenn: @realDonaldTrump Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it"
"@OliMauritania: @realDonaldTrump Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals  #HillaryKaine2016"
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
"@Theresa_Cali: @realDonaldTrump General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain"
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage & set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLE   Quicken Loans
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16   Quicken Loans Arena
You can watch 360 video live from the podium!  #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016
Great job @IvankaTrump! #RNCinCLE
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Arena was packed, totally electric!
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. @Mike_Pence! #GOPinCLE #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you!  #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
Thank you @ScottWalker! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you @IngrahamAngle! #AmericaFirst
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Watching the #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH 
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE 
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE 
"@RoxaneTancredi:  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people."
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain! #GOPConvention #RNCinCLE 
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
"@60Minutes: DonaldTrump and his running mate @Mike_Pence to appear on #60Minutes in first joint interview. CBS "
I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to... 
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
.@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
"@TrumpDoonbeg: Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote! "
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you! #TrumpPence16
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O & Hillary!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
"@WriteReadRock: @thehill DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! #TRUMP2016
"@javonniandjeno: @realDonaldTrump @AP @nbc Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!"
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 _jjEmUgZ9VOm4mPEzATc1FeIqUk6QQdjtt_3Wz6w==
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC & The Apprentice to run for President!
People dont understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Presthe Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt & folks @NBC were GREAT!
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
Not under my watch- 
"@DavidHerjavec @realDonaldTrump completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump"
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit  --- it is selling fast!
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction & make Iran a force like never before.
"@mikerotondo86 Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
Our online store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
"@pokeyisme1971: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016"
"@johncook4189: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor "
.@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
"@officialjtw: @realDonaldTrump You're iconic! You are going down in the history books! #trump2016"  So nice, thank you.
"@Roy_Propsner: @realDonaldTrump ...Don't give up, don't surrender your 3rd party OPTION"
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much  you are a loyal friend!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple!
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! 
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy & assures me that Trump will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
Oh really, check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!
.@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
"@Libsaredemfools: @realDonaldTrump: No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!"
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, & I get zip!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
"@strayamaaaate: DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP
"@jonnati77: @EWErickson : TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@WWDBLane: @realDonaldTrump Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn.
"@OUTOF_3_9_0:  You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to @FoxNews! "
"@CommissarOfGG: You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the people's hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you."
"@granitttg: @realDonaldTrump it'll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote #DonaldTrump"
"@nonstop85716: @thetrumpmafia @realDonaldTrump I agree. I registered to vote because of Mr Trump.I will vote for him."
"@george_frye: @realDonaldTrump Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!"
"@liexafterxlie: @realDonaldTrump @RedState Yep. I was there  and people were leaving left and right. @EWErickson blew it BIG TIME
"@sacquisto23: .@realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
Almost universal support that "Trump won the debate." Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
.@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. "weakness."
Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
So many "politically correct" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
"@DRUDGE_REPORT: ROBINSON: Establishment didn't get Trump fall they want.... " Thank you!
"@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll  @realDonaldTrump: 65% @marklevinshow @RWSurferGirl" @krauthammer  APOLOGIZE!
"@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll  @realDonaldTrump: 65% @marklevinshow @RWSurferGirl"  Another debate win!
"@John832TheTruth: @FrankLuntz your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!"
The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable  causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history & you say nothing but bad...
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger @FoxNews @business
"@TomNocera: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump "TRUMP DOMINANT" screams headline in today's Tampa Bay Times. #Trump2016"
"@ElvisFever:  @megynkelly @FoxNews Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional"
"@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out, @FoxNews was not fair to Trump"
@TIME poll: @realDonaldTrump winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% @RealBenCarson, 10% @JohnKasich
"@CaptTimScrim: Dear @megynkelly , your attempted hatchet job on @realDonaldTrump was unbecoming & a total failure. @FoxNews
"@StefanVersac: @megynkelly @ChrisStirewalt @ChrisChristie @realDonaldTrump Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate"
"@Southern_Anon63: I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting @realDonaldTrump on Election Day."
"@joshuapantoja: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president
"@Domenclature: TIME POLL: @RealDonaldTrump wins the first #Republicanpresidentialdebate by Wild Margin  #Politics
"@Sulli1963: @AnnCoulter final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina"
"@italy2320:  @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again"
"@678b4612a62641f: @realDonaldTrump @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly my vote remains for trump!"
"@Mannamalistic: I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love @realDonaldTrump. He speaks the truth!"
"@Diplomt: @realDonaldTrump is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12% @Drudge_Report even after @MegynKelly & @BretBaier tried to take him out.
"@stinger_inc: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly's behaviour at the #GOPDebate was astonishingly biased."
"@BrianCraigShow: @realDonaldTrump your rocked & won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump"
"@agcaddauan: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT Megyn could have done a far better job*"
"@Diplomtc_Immnty: @realDonaldTrump They tried to take you out & your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not @FOXNews moderators.
"@Reid2962: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I expected better from @megynkelly, wondering what is her hidden agenda.
"@Resi_Diederich: @PlatinumRosie @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly is that all you've got??? Haha."
"@JetRanger69: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier WAS A DISASTER ALSO."
"@Lking2fly: I gotta have @realDonaldTrump in the White House that'd be such a game changer"
"@11phenomenon: Despite the hype, @realDonaldTrump wins the debate by a wide margin. "
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!
.@FrankLuntz, your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT & @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel.
"@FrankLuntz: I'm getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight.  #GOPDebate" She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
"@timjcam: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo  @MegynKelly will consider other programs!"
"@RubenMMoreno: @realDonaldTrump The biggest loser in the debate was @megynkelly. You can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!
"@ept_rudyru: @DRUDGE_REPORT Excellent job! @realDonaldTrump You are real & everyone saw that 2nite! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SilentMajority
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT 
"@FoxNews: @realDonaldTrump: When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out"
Thank you @TIME readers- a great honor! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT 
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ?v=10155935177795725
I look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
.@realbobmassi, who does a show called "Bob Massi Is The Property Man" on @FoxNews, really knows his stuff--a total pro!
"@lesleyclark "Anyone would be lying if they said they werent tuning in to watch @realDonaldTrump,   #FoxDebate"
"@jessicarnewman: The only reason most viewers will be watching the #RepublicanDebate tonight... @realDonaldTrump "
"@RKMCPHERSON2014: Tonights, The GOP aka @realDonaldTrump show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??
"@Shelia1965A:  God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground."
"@HowardJax50:  @FrankLuntz NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesn't bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too"
"@suandres2013: My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. He's 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald"
"@Women4Trump: @mauigirl56 @realDonaldTrump  We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!!!"
"@ChadSchiebler: I can't remember a candidate that I've been this excited about @realDonaldTrump don't let us down! We believe! #landslide"
"@WillDangelo: Sunset reflects on @realDonaldTrump tower in Las Vegas. What a view! "
"@hbtc23: @realDonaldTrump backs down from nobody!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @steveaustinBSR @WWE   "
"@anotherTRUMPvot: The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to @LindseyGrahamSC tell you all you need to know.
"@Women4Trump: @realDonaldTrump @SemiNoland Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support."
"@FrankLuntz: Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters. "
"@real_one23: Sure they want Mr. Trump @realDonaldTrump out. He can't be bought. #notapuppet "
"@SemiNoland: @realDonaldTrump Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald."  True!
"AmyMek  Amen! @realDonaldTrump has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!"
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor!
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability#.fbrgsu:J8p6
"@JoeDurak If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president."
"@tweet2u2 #Trump only attacks those that attack him first. He's not going to be abused by a  #politician @marthamaccallum #tcot"
"@iuhoops2015 @realDonaldTrump it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again! "
"@ToTheTanr @realDonaldTrump You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BS's"
Thank you.
"@breadman28 @realDonaldTrump  make America great again. We're running out of time!"
Thanks.
"@InsureRetire @realDonaldTrump @Gawker best response ever!  Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit."
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillarys donors are the same donors as Jeb Bushsall rich, will have total controlknow them well.
"@cookingdoll: @realDonaldTrump Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion.
"@Keeganbcall: @realDonaldTrump I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that.
"@LaneLynmil: @realDonaldTrump I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald." Thanks.
"@SeaBeeVietN: Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't."
"@DBottenhagen: @realDonaldTrump the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don"
"@Mike_Beacham: Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJ/NBC News Poll  #StraightTalk @SenTedCruz #ccot #tcot #2A"
"@BADfundraisers: @realDonaldTrump All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016!" I do love winning!
"@Kathlee08380944: @WSJ @hookjan Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border That's getting great attention Go Trump
"@TSettles14: I'd be proud to say the first President I voted for was @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@TrumpsGucciGirl: @realDonaldTrump: oh yeah @megynkelly you don't want it to be all about Trump- he's # 1 not #17
"@ctmommy: @megynkelly #KellyFile #WTF? You do realize @realDonaldTrump isnt the #GOP enemy - @HillaryClinton is."
"@RoniSeale: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends #GoTrump #GOP #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
"@jimlibertarian:  @Dan__Crocker @foxandfriends Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerityon the other hand Hillary is a total liar"
"@sr_stocks: @WSJ @realDonaldTrump winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016"
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
"92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump"       
Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
"@Daaahawks @jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212   That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it."
"@jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212 we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the People's choice, we want truthfulness"
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
"@bedard_nancy: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH"
"@_trump4potus: Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. #2016election #Trump2016"
"@RoniSeale: @foxandfriends Trump is surging, leading,& breaking EVERY poll because #TrumpIsRight #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"@Dan__Crocker: @foxandfriends  Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it."
Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates- 
"@ValetaSue57 @greta @FoxNews Like Trump more & more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear & understand, He loves USA"
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water.
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillarys private illegal emails. Humas PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there & you did a fabulous job on commentary.
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody & is miserable.
Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates & not him
"@AndrewMillerKC  We have to vote for @realDonaldTrump ! Our nation can't afford another #Bush! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@raleynicole143: I can't wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for @realDonaldTrump  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@lynn_weiser: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @EricTrump @ericbolling It's a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!"
"@jordanallen21: @realDonaldTrump you'll be the first person I ever vote for. #Trump2016"
Bush is pretending that the "Trump surge" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush "delight" - con job, a Bush nightmare!
"@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump huge supporter out here in Alaska! Let's make this country great again!"
"@MalachiNo: How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time."
"@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @BDubLasVegas @foxandfriends WE LOVE U TRUMP"
"@MalachiNorris: @realDonaldTrump will win every state in 2016. "
"@jesuspacheco58: @realDonaldTrump I've been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something #Trump2016"
"@tudybone4: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends got up extra early to watch Mr. Trump's interview #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain" Great.
"@BDubLasVegas: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@AAA_Squibby: @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump and their siblings must be proud of their father. #GoodLuck Mr @realDonaldTrump"
"@FoxNews: .@ericbolling: "Polls show [@realDonaldTrump would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today." "
"@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD....."
"@VickyBrush: @MANX38 @JEDTHEFISH7 Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country & Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can."
"@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @CoachZachCooper AMERICA WANTS TRUMP"
"@TeamFallowwBack: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends - #Trump2016 "
"@adair_ariel: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends looking forward to it!"
"@WreckThisPro: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I'll be watching it. Can't wait until you become our president Trump."
"@AliasHere: RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!"
"@squirtlong: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trumps the Man of 2016!"
"@RaxsonDFS: There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest #POTUS ever!" Thanks
"@brady2edelman: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America
"@TPFA_KathyA_1: We'll be watching. @realDonaldTrump 2016! Will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @foxandfriends : "
"@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!!" Thanks.
"@CoachZachCooper:  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!"
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
"@DavidBougs:  @scorpio5053 @nowandthan @RealMarkCole Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!
"@gqforbes: DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! @realDonaldTrump's twitter edge @DanScavino @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling"
"@scorpio5053: @nowandthan @RealMarkCole @realDonaldTrump The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers
"@winkiechance: @VickyBrush @RWSurferGirl @realDonaldTrump He has MY vote too! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@RoniSeale: @DanScavino @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #gop #Trump2016 "
"@Dark_Red_Hair2: .@realDonaldTRUMP will get things done for America "
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
"@ColinSWood @realDonaldTrump is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more."
"@blindtothetruth Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians he's running against. Cowards."
"@sjh2222 Difference Between Politicians and @realDonaldTrump =  Pols Are Bought & Paid For. Trump Can't be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!"
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.  -- Henry Ford
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place & Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ
Thank you for your service!
Thank you.
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night & it is certainly my intention to be very nice & highly respectful of the other candidates.
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there & will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles & misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong & he hates it!
"@bdean1468 The alpha male in the 2016 race: @realDonaldTrump  He has real success stories, tons of money, confident, & he's his own backer"
"@lasannewton @realDonaldTrump The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors"
"@Jennifer75AR @AmyMek  He's not for sale like the politicians are! That's why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! #Trump2016"
"@LinFlies @califortrump @realDonaldTrump  we love #TrumpForPresident & thankful"
"@linablue: @realDonaldTrump I love the fact you can't be "bought"..."
"@me_lisa_m: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Just updated voter registration in FL #VoteTrump"
"@BillLester651: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Latinos for Trump believes in Trump"
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
Thank you.
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt & others talk about me but know nothing about mecrazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesnt know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!   #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20%  in Florida
"@JereeGeeStavich @realDonaldTrump You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow."
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!?ID=6697
"@TomNocera @DanScavino @dallasmavs @mcuban  Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner."
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
.CNN & @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
.@CNN & @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
"@jan102345678: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
"@AnnCoulter: .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom. "
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: "TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDNT ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARYS EMAIL WAS CRIMINAL"
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesnt get it.
While Im beating my opponents in the polls, Im also beating lobbyists, special interests & donors that are supporting them with billions.
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.  Ronald Reagan
We can make Washington work for us. Its time for real leadership. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Obamas nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Via @limbaugh: Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked_doubled_down_and_it_worked
@marklevinshow: PLUNDER AND DECEIT   %E2%80%98plunder-and-deceit%E2%80%99 via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1
Via cnsnews by @SJonesCNS: Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'
.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest & most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our countryincompetent leader!
Via @politico by Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire
My @FoxNews int. with @seanhannity on Obama being all talk & no action & making America Great Again!
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you @mcuban for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
"@thehill @realDonaldTrump The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things"
"@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @michaeljohns @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016"
"@Whitejl0111: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  McCain   hasn't done anything for the Vets; fact! He only talks about himself! "
"@USARestoring: @HillaryClinton's toast. Dems had better get the"B Team" off the bench. @TGowdySC for Attorney General under President Trump
.@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
"@robertaritzen: @AnnCoulter @seanhannity  We love him! I love his truth telling. That he's so real and calls it how he sees it. #Trump2016"
"@LifeZette:Jeb & Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from @realDonaldTrump about making America great again
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
"@moses11211: Donald Trump leads in new #GOP polls.. @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump "
Ill be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Womens British Open there this week. Ill go for two days & back on trail.
"@AmyMek The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed & calls out their lies"
.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2%
"@ScoodieGolden Twitter loves Trump. 1000's of retweets for Mr. Trump while @ScottWalker gets 5 to 10 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
Thanks Lou.
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again!
Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent  via @WSJ by @heatherhaddon & @reidepstein
Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls
"@TomMcPeek   More people r gravitating to @realDonaldTrump because they're tired of all the usual BS"
Thanks.
"@Read_my_note No wonder why @realDonaldTrump is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!"
.@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch  I will win!
"@MDTaylorJr Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump is speaking the truth. #Trump2016"
"@scorpio5053 @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White & Blue.@UnitedCitizen01"
"@Old_Skool_Photo @realDonaldTrump We're with you, Mr. Trump.... The country needs your straight forward, no BS style!"
"@Cj112Connie I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes"
"@yankee31210 If career politicians would think past their own egos, they'd know why @realDonaldTrump is resonating w/ppl."
"@jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @MichaelCohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.#Trump2016"
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they wont be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, Im now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close & gaining.
"@AlexPagliano Caught @realDonaldTrump's speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas."
Thank you, Greta.
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"@rp53pierce: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people"
"@MitchPrefach: DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
"@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @Operator1975 Agreed! We need you!"
"@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @hammetjohn I've been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump."
"@bollweevil51: @realDonaldTrump Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus."
"@SilverSharen: Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS."
"@PaulaDuvall2: Before Mr. Trump's Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE."
"@Arful1dodger: @realDonaldTrump I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !"
"@PaulaDuvall2:  Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored."
"@bluestarwindow: @bdean1468 @realDonaldTrump @twendencyUSA We SHALL make America great again."
"@eddiebrognano:  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault."
"@sorensen_ao: @HuffPostUKPol @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. #InterestingTimesAhead"
"@luismp77: @realDonaldTrump Team Trump all the way!"
"@Man_In_The_Hole: "Our leaders are dummies. They don't know what's going on. It's true, they're incompetent. #Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@DDiTarant: America needs @realDonaldTrump ! #Trump2016 #BuildTheFence #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@PaulaDuvall2: Outsider Donald Trump assesses & addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?"
"@billyjowiggins: @realDonaldTrump The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep"
"@about_life: Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years; Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com"
"@fubaglady: .@npomalley @YossiGestetner You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters can't stand & who's over stayed his welcome?"
"@Agent_54 @theblaze @pretrim10 MSM can't push DonaldTrump around.  No More PC Political Hacks! _54/status/625264777829351424/photo/1
"@about_life: @realDonaldTrump Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Lets Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016@gmail.com"
"@about_life: @realDonaldTrump I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Lets Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com"
"@DavidKyleOnline: @realDonaldTrump attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction."
"@EOetzel: @peddoc63 @realDonaldTrump  JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb...."
"@bluestarwindow: @realDonaldTrump @bdean1468 Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump" True!
"@Brammz3: In full support of @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS! No reason he shouldn't win the @GOP nomination. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"@_John_Handel: @realDonaldTrump @ScottWalker and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities.
"@WalterWhfla: @realDonaldTrump unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT"
"@ModerateMic: .DonaldTrump: Ask @ScottWalker why he left 1,000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the @paysbig Potawatomi
"@Faithful_USA: I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESN'T mean ILLEGAL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
"@Hturne: @realDonaldTrump vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE."
"@guthrie_kelley: @realDonaldTrump AMEN. Thank you Trump"
"@KingSchnabel: @realDonaldTrump College students love trump. Never change."  Great.
"@RICHMCLOUGHLIN: @realDonaldTrump @YossiGestetner GIVE THEM HELL."
"@ZacharySmitty: @realDonaldTrump I just listened to this speech and loved it!"
"@HL3tweets:  @CoachAbda Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True
"@otto2468: @realDonaldTrump He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America? #Trump2016"
"@Foshay504: @greta DonaldTrump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!
"@g_pluth: @RedNationRising Hats off to @realDonaldTrump for sticking it to liberal msm. @DMRegister" A horrible newspaper, failing badly.
"@TriciaNC1: @Centaur6D If I were Walker, I'd be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals"
"@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016"
"@YossiGestetner: Whoa! @realDonaldTrump shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago; outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great
"@CoachAbda: Please don't change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!"
"@twendencyUSA: #Twendency Tweet of the Hour in USA politics #9pm by @realDonaldTrump  "
"@RustyOsborne15: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote"  Thanks.
"@gqforbes: TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt  @realDonaldTrump "
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again!
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
.@Macys is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macys.
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
"@energypryde: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist Trump in office restores US swagger."
"@StoneZipper:  @stephenfhayes Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." Will never happen!
"@kerrygold1914: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist the Donald is crushing it"
Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
"@sandrapatriot: @stephenfhayes WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump
"@GarethBale22: @realDonaldTrump you're going to turn America around Donald I can feel it"
"@Operator1975: @realDonaldTrump Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!"
"@Shella_Bella:  @ConnieHegel MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!"
"@hammetjohn: In my Lifetime I've Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting. @realDonaldTrump Woke up about 300 Million people
"@ConnieHegel: @realDonaldTrump if trump is not on that stage no one will watch"  So true!
"@lucascoon1: @realDonaldTrump Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more"
"@AndreaWeslien: #DEBATE @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump If not for Donald, who'd watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES
"@MYKALFURY: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said he'd lose. Reagan WON.
"@OfficialTentBoy: Even young conservatives support @realDonaldTrump because he is the right choice for this country and my generation"
Via @BreitbartNews by @NolteNC: "DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL"
Isnt it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--& then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Thank you @DennisRodman.  It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well!
.@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
"@KimBredesen @realDonaldTrump I appreciate that you don't apologize when someone is "offended" by what you say. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
True! 
True, thanks.
"@DanScavino: Via Economist/YouGov 7242015 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
"@nozzero @realDonaldTrump Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!"
"@paulkellysr  Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her."
"@gpavlik7  1/2 of new California drivers licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac' Bee, July 17th. Go get'em, Trump!"
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Lets Make America Great Again!
Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book, American Hunter.
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. 
Arriving to check out the border. 
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We cant send another politician to the White House
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. Im sending out for your new book now!
Great read:  How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'#ixzz3gRZM8wQn
"@mitchellvii @thehill @slone Here's a crazy thought.  Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HE'S RIGHT?"
"@TitanicQueen @LadySandersfarm What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!"
"@flanny1971: @realDonaldTrump clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and won't bow down to other world leaders!
"@facingeast52: @realDonaldTrump Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there."
Thoughts & prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
Youre just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just dont work out, but dont worry--- no problem!
"@Woodsy_gal: Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U! #Trump2016"
.@bobbyjindal watched youon @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
"@RTylerR4 Don't let the press put words in your mouth!  @realDonaldTrump Awesome job at the border! You're doing great!"
"@tmautner1211  If all the Hispanics hate the @realDonaldTrump, why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?"
"@grant_hose  I like @realDonaldTrump . He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not "what you wanna hear".
Great!
"@TheJordanHafizi @realDonaldTrump  is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!"
"@themakaylamarie @realDonaldTrump is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%."  Thanks.
Thanks._Paige/status/624226804337741824
"@Jaybaby63  Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!"
True! 
"@MichaelCohen212  Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer         #CNN @wolfblitzer  
"@LAgirlrebelyell:Safe travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back
"@Kathe56Kat: @realDonaldTrump please be careful"  Thank you!
"@SanchezBrutus: Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion."
"@rox473: @realDonaldTrump Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS"
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
.@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
"@3rdedit: Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA & telling it like it is!"
"@fedupwithgovern: Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion"
"@akawhit1: @Maxinerunner @RonNussbeck @realDonaldTrump MCCAIN WHO? #Vets Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation ?via=twitter_page "
"@moekamerow: @AC360 Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump"
"@GGGGGGG700: @realDonaldTrump @AC360 You just keep doing what you are doing Don. You have reignited my hope. Thank You, sir."  Great.
Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
"@woodardralph31: @gene70 @Macys We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!"
.@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
"@RonNussbeck: @Maxinerunner I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits & take them from disabled Vets"
"@PATRIOT4657: @megynkelly The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe"
"@gene70: @realDonaldTrump @macys America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald
"@tarabernie: Hey @realDonaldTrump check out Access Hollywood: "  Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!
.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
"@bitchpuuuhlease: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!"
"@bhill3333: We don't know Trump positions & he's dominating polls. @GOP should learn we don't want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches #GOP
"@BB1959_:  @FrankLuntz I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going."
.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
"@CherokeeShaman2: Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNC's voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions. "
"@jimlibertarian:  @realDonaldTrump is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: "Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban" 
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again!
Lets Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! 
Shouldnt George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Lets see if he treats me fairlyenjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers & bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
Donald Trump on VA woes: Id fire everybody; you fix it by getting Trump elected  via @washtimes by @dsherfinski
Via @ BreitbartNews by @BobPriceBBTX: DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER
Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! ?taken-by=realdonaldtrump
True, thanks.
"@BAM4AU @CNN @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC keep punching, Donald!  Trump it!!  Trump is telling the truth!"
"@HalangManok: Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run! "
"@PJAliveguy: No matter what @realDonaldTrump says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!
"@Chr:DonaldTrump reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like "is he for real" Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD
"@drewcarter49: @realDonaldTrump @PrestonsDayOff @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!"  Thank you.
"@Forrestben94: I don't care what people say, I love @realDonaldTrump confidence"
"@waite_lane:If you don't want Trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"@PrestonsDayOff: @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians
"@jimlibertarian: @NBCNewYork  In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!
"@PValk16: Many are missing the point, the US needs @realDonaldTrump to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media.
"@MeOnAJourney: @realDonaldTrump @Billd111 @seanhannity Trump is the Alpha of the #GOP candidates, the rest are betas! #Trump2016"
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
"@insuradude: @foxandfriends @foxnation tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling @realDonaldTrump. No Fox!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
Via @gatewaypundit: Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa 
"@iAmerican  All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Let's Go @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GetItDone"
"@jinx510 @realDonaldTrump don't get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors can't handle the truth."
"@woofeous @realDonaldTrump GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a 'retail politician'."
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
"@Billd111 @seanhannity  Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down."
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-
Response to the Des Moines Register- 
Via @AP by @kronayne & @colvinj: "Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering" 
.@ZachJohnsonPGA  You're one of the truly great competitiors. Ive said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
.@BreitbartNews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd @nbc  Thanks to Steve Bannon & real reporters.
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
"@DillyDoesIt Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a President? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@michaeljohns: #Trump support surges even higher after #McCain statement. Why?  Trump is a fighter. #GOP "
"@dancriscuolo: If Donald Trump isn't my president by 2017 I'm gettin' the h**k outta here! @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@ileadliberty: I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!"
"@1Barbara1: @realDonaldTrump @SteveMarz1 @Felix_Clay @kpdelbridge @seanhannity Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-_g"
"@bigg_ritch: The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally.
"@ConnorBaldwin21: @realDonaldTrump has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it"
"@WesleyRuedy: Donald Trump is the man. And people don't appreciate his honesty. @realDonaldTrump" Thank you.
"@THENORAWILLIAMS: I'm #africanamerican & I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the #USA out of this mess!
"@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @kpdelbridge @seanhannity I'm a veteran. I'm not offended by Trump"
"@AhmedBawazir: I'm very sure that @realDonaldTrump does things excellently "
"@EdwardFrancisII: "Can't Be Bought" @realDonaldTrump - #2016election "
"@SteveMarz1: @Felix_Clay @kpdelbridge @seanhannity but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POW  McCain lies."
"@ultradave1951: @realDonaldTrump check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records"
"@Tea_Party_Chris: @RepDavid @RepMattSalmon @RepTrentFranks  @RealJamesWoods #Trump2016 #Trump #TrumpForPresident "
"@MrdannyArthur: @Paul_Beiss @Lg4Lg @seanhannity @SenJohnMcCain Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!"
"@AlleyKat2: @realDonaldTrump doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man"  So true.
"@AlbertoZambrano: @HeinzFGuderian   Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists"
"@azuriterealtor: @realDonaldTrump @erintighe_  Keep going on,  you can win!"
Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
"@kpdelbridge: FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain! @seanhannity
"@erintighe_: @realDonaldTrump your the only person who really wants to save America"
"@bxldgxng: @realDonaldTrump i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America"
"@JWCarrr: @AnnCoulter @SenTenCes   Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And there's no need to mention Dr. Carson's education!"
"@schwartzb: @realDonaldTrump we need your help Donald! Make us great again!"
"@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job."
"@BJSeastoneAMP: Proud of you @realDonaldTrump keep cutting through the #politicalcrap and tell it like it is"
"@greengolf56: @realDonaldTrump Keep going Mr trump America needs you"
"@MrsJRobbins: America needs @realDonaldTrump !!!  #Trump2016"
"@tonyparker1981: @Nate_Cohn @chrislhayes Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about @realDonaldTrump and nothing about BernieSanders
"@TCastilonia: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv.
"@2009softail: You nailed it on @oreillyfactor tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us"
"@BrianCstandsup: @realDonaldTrump I'm convinced. Let's go Trump. #Trump2016"
"@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump You're killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!"
"@djf123: @realDonaldTrump @PJTV #DonaldWillBeTheGOPNominee!
"@Dark_Red_Hair: .@realDonaldTRUMP - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR"
"@PJTV: ON TOP  The GOP, Democrats and media have all hit @realDonaldTrump Heres the result:  "
"@ShepherdGarrett: It doesn't matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think  Keep It Up! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@kpmck63: I'm going to listen to @realDonaldTrump LONG before I listen to georgelopez #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@alyssathgreat:  SenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These #veterans are living in hell. #OReillyFactor""
"@Malibu101834: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor I'll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald."
"@mikeezepek: @DLoesch Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloidsaving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, its about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldnt care less about inclusion"
"@amit_ @realdonaldtrump I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets."
ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal & Replace right after Tax Cuts!
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG, at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florida today! #HappyThanksgiving
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey & Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Military getting really strong, we will build the WALL, V.A. taking care of our Vets, great Supreme Court Justice, RECORD CUT IN REGS, lowest unemployment in 17 years....!
....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts!
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews
The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved.
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. Thats almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
...LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. Its a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
It wasnt the White House, it wasnt the State Department, it wasnt father LaVars so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor mans version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think..
Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobblers Rest...
President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House._9ZG7f_dbk4WgSYR4XJMe7DEr
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco
Marshawn Lynch of the NFLs Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!
Sen. Jeff Flake(y), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on mike saying bad things about your favorite President. Hell be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is toast.
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just cant stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse!  #NCAAChampionsPhotos: 
Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, #MS13, and many other gangs...  'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown' 
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results!
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 & 6 while she sleeps? .....
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct  a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year!
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens!
....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Thank you! 
Thank you, working hard!_eagle/status/930747373697032192
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!
.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships & benefits that will endure for years to come!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
THANK YOU ASIA! #USA
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say were in the 30s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50's. Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!
After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!
Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am proud of the Rep. House & Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {& reform.} Were getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair & highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare & reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?
Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs & work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our country!
Thank you!
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now.
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old," when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, terrorism, and Russia can greatly help!
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War   
On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you!
On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines! #USMC242 #SemperFi
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific, and together, to promote our prosperity and security. #APEC2017
In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies, and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017
Throughout my travels, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free & open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign & independent nations, w/diverse cultures & many different dreams, can all prosper side-by-side.
Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017
I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!
I dont blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same!
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China. 
President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! 
Congratulations to all of the DEPLORABLES and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory!
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! @FLOTUS Melania and I will never forget it!
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US.
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettableafternoon and eveningat theForbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning!
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again!
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer.
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear & ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreement, & commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments...
The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world, being built right now. I want peace through strength!
Join me LIVE in South Korea #NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia 
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Dont forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected & disposed. We can do this!
Franklin, such a great photo.   HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father, @BillyGraham!_graham/status/927899339351117824
.@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP!
....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today!
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. Hes weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment....
....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered.
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea.  
....Some of those they are harshly treating have been milking their country for years!
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing....
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military & energy orders happening+++!
The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!
#USA #Japan
...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong...
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI & law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy.
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan!
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people!
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe.
I am landing shortly. Cant wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon!
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trill
Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.  Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!  A day Ill never forget.
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit @PacificCommand upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ @FLOTUS now.
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam & the Philippines. Will never let you down!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right.
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
...Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was "their soldier." .....
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI & Justice Dept.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC & then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
....People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus...
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary & the Dems..
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00. Enjoy!
The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @FederalReserve.
Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A., $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering & $6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing.
Today, we are thrilled to welcome @Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQs from Singapore back to the U.S.A.....
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security.
Congratulations to the Houston @Astros, 2017 #WorldSeries Champions#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory
...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person!
Happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great Champion and Person!
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners!
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE!
...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally!
...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong
Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones.
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
#NYCStrong #USA
"Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems" said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program," a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
U.S. COAL PRODUCTION Up7.8% past year.  Down31.5% last 10 years.  #EndingWarOnCoal
Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August Read more: 
"Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000" Read more: 
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween! #Halloween2017
Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin!
Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=wh_20171030_na
....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!
....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he...
....Also, there is NO COLLUSION!
Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary & the Dems the focus?????
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts & Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
..."collusion," which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's...
...the Uranium to Russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,....
Never seen such Republican ANGER & UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),....
As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal & Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrifice and courage 24/7/365!
...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest.
...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and...
After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and...
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating! 
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!
WHAT HAPPENED  How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia   NOW WE KNOW!
#JFKFiles
Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood! #FlashbackFriday
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be.... 
.@FoxNews Chris Wallace: More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love.
Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts
Thank you @FLGovScott.
It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Good luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan, @GOPLeader, @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Thank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show!
Wacky & totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!
WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic & free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. 
Effective today, my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law.
Big news - Budget just passed!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage!
Will be another Sean success!
Together, we will Make America Great Again! #AmericaFirst
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform  Read more: 
Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
Texas @GovAbbott & Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick,  Thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work!
The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi & Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip!
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo & trade, two very important subjects!
Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs
Congrats to @Reince Priebus, a really good and talented man. Were proud of you Reince!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out." Really, they just gave me a standing O!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business & JOBS
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt & wounded!
"Clinton campaign & DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President." @FoxNews
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day Read more: 
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, & look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal & couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation.
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag & Country.  No leadership in NFL!
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action & vote R!
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security....
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first.....
Just out, but lightly reported: "Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market" Lowest since March 1973. @bpolitics
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC & CBS?
Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
People get what is going on!
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!
Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
Great book just out, "A Place Called Heaven," by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today: 
Today, it was an honor to have @UN Secretary-General @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A., we appreciate all you do!
Thank you @GeraldoRivera @FoxandFriends. Agree!
Just out report: "United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror." Not good, we must keep America safe!
....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against.....
Great news on the 2018 budget @SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform
Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!
Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!  "ISIS is losing its grip..." Army Colonel Ryan Dillon CJTFOIR 
It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRicowith us at the @WhiteHouse today. We are with you! #PRStrong
.@foxandfriends "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation"
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?
"46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump & his Administration." @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this!
.@DanaPerino & @BradThor, Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA
"20,00021,00022,000 23,000this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year..."  #Dow23K #MAGA
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA
.@NFL: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
"Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits.." Amb. @NikkiHaley
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse today. #TaxReform
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you!_brock/status/920379939769278464
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers & harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More: 
I am supportive of Lamar as a person & also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. 
Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry & renew the AMERICAN DREAM!
WOW!
BORDER WALL prototypes underway!
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working.
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews, @CBSNews, @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers!
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today!  _dS/
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. 
"Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings" #Dow23K
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport!
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, "I hope so!"
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low & companies are coming back to U.S.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
...approvals of The Keystone XL & Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations & our great new Supreme Court Justice!
The Failing @nytimes, in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP & The Paris Accord & the fast....
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history."
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums & deductibles are way up!
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune. Dems must get smart & deal!
Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.
#WeeklyAddress
Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regimes hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon.
"Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004" 
In America, we don't worship government - we worship God.  #ValuesVotersSummit
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @USNavy! #242NavyBday
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out!
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY, to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES, and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) @NBCNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN!
Happy #NationalFarmersDay! 
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES & that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA, GROW in AMERICA, and HIRE in AMERICA!
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE!  
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....
"Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day!
In even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love. #USA
Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!
Joining @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families & that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America
I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania!  #TaxReform #USA 
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sundays tragedy.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases & soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history & the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!
The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be.....
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @FLOTUS today! 
The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and that's what I am dealing with!
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, "The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's...." Really good book!
With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked," in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for U.S.A.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!"
"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as #ColumbusDay"
The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars & getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
"The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters....."   @nypost  Thank you!
Nobody could have done what Ive done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work!
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, & that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen.
...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
#LasVegasStrong #USA _TSpsghNb/
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
Thanks for your support!
...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......
Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy!
Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities & be safe!
.@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not #1
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" & repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign....
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
Thank you!
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night.
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS!
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello & his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong
It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
So proud of @FEMA, Military, and First Responders! Thank you!
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA and First Responders.
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers._lvmpd/status/914871804216221697
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
Congratulations to #TeamUSAon your great @PresidentsCup victory!
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail.
...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!
I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB!
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist & support the people in their time of great need.
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
......#FakeNews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter!  #PRStrong
My Administration, Governor @RicardoRossello, and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
To the people of Puerto Rico: Do not believe the #FakeNews! #PRStrong
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to "get Trump." Not fair to FR or effort!
The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.
...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers, for all you do 24/7/365! #LESM
Join me for my #WeeklyAddress 
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year.
Thank you @ShopFloorNAM. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nations classrooms with the jobs of the future.
RECORD HIGH FOR S & P 500!
Thank you to FEMA, our great Military & all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered......
GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said "great job!"
...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
FEMA & First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food & water delivered. Docks & electric grid dead. Locals trying....
Welcome back @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed & grow TOGETHER  as one team, one people, & one American family. #TaxReform
Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized) & @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
With one Yes vote in hospital & very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back & ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! 
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then & now! Thanks NSC Staff!
Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA
It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime.
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. 
America's hearts & prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico & the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER!
Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk!
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....
Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble..
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country. #StandForOurAnthem
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
#StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts & reform.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal & Replace and some Senators not there.
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS.) She is a truly great representative for our country!
...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &  management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal & Replace. Let Arizona down!
Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many, over ten, are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldnt someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please report news correctly. Thank you!
Very productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some important announcements!
Great job by Michael Anton on @foxandfriends. A true National Security expert!
....People do not yet realize how much of the Wall, including really effective renovation, has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country, the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how important it is!
.....I look forward to my meeting with Chuck Schumer & Nancy Pelosi. In 2006, Democrats voted for a Wall, and they were right to do so. Today, they no longer want Border Security. They will fight it at all cost, and Nancy must get votes for Speaker. But the Wall will get built...
....however, for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left, do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way.......
.....Ice, Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be, however, a far easier & less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections & fully renovated others, making them like new. The Democrats,.....
Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country, people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls, makeshift Walls & Fences, or Border Patrol Officers & Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries.......
Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier. @LouDobbs  Details on Tuesday night.
James Comeys behind closed doors testimony reveals that there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words, the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!
....which it was not (but even if it was, it is only a CIVIL CASE, like Obamas - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyers liability if he made a mistake, not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!
Democrats cant find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comeys testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion. @FoxNews  Thats because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction, wrongly call it a campaign contribution,...
I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers, a spectacular person who will always be with our #MAGA agenda. I will be making a decision soon!
The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two (not even) years of existence, & we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media, which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!
Leakin James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!
On 245  occasions, former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didnt know, didnt recall, or couldnt remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans (not 2) - didnt know who signed off and didnt know Christopher Steele. All lies!
It was my honor to attend todays #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football on the win!
#ArmyNavyGame
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly, landing now!
....left and right, he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask the Dick to travel with me!
Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head, as he was saving soldiers....
Very sad day & night in Paris. Maybe its time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!
This is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here. At this late date, after all that we have gone through, after millions have been spent, we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here. @GeraldoRivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
....I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.
I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley, Chief of Staff of the United States Army  as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, replacing General Joe Dunford, who will be retiring....
AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30,000,000), NO COLLUSION!
The idea of a European Military didnt work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you, and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1% while the U.S. pays 4.3% of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!
The Paris Agreement isnt working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money, much to third world countries (that are questionably run), in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting We Want Trump! Love France.
Totally clears the President. Thank you!
It is being reported that Leakin' James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!
Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people, save taxpayer dollars, and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!
Mike Pompeo is doing a great job, I am very proud of him. His predecessor, Rex Tillerson, didnt have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldnt get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame, great spirit at State!
....and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country, he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!
I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush....
I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert, Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State, will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather, and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!
We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!
Today, we honor those who perished 77 years ago at Pearl Harbor, and we salute every veteran who served in World War II over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack. God Bless America! 
It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report. That is Fake News. Already 87 pages done, but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report.
China talks are going very well!
...the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report, & also Bruce Ohr (and his lovely wife Molly), Comey, Brennan, Clapper, & all of the many fired people of the FBI, be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC & Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!
....Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin James Comey, by the man in charge of the case, Rod Rosenstein (who also signed the FISA Warrant), be a big part of the Report? Isnt Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of....
.....overturned, 9-0, in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial & many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton....
....Will Robert Muellers big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissmans horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed peoples lives, took down great companies, only to be........
Robert Mueller and Leakin Lyin James Comey are Best Friends, just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way, wasnt the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of legal at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt...
Arizona, together with our Military and Border Patrol, is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!
FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Trish_Regan:  Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I dont think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Dont use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain. Is this really America? Witch Hunt!
Jerome Corsi: This is not justice, this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor (Counsel), to get this plea deal, demanded I lie and violate the law. Theyre the criminals. He is not alone. 17 Angry Dems. People forced to lie. Sad!  @Trish_Regan
Statement from China: The teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other. We are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days. I agree!
Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans, with the very important help of my campaign Rallies, WON THE UNITED STATES SENATE, 53 to 47? All I hear is that the Open Border Dems won the House. Senate alone approves judges & others. Big Republican Win!
My thoughts and prayers are with the @USMC crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan. Thank you to @USForcesJapan for their immediate response and rescue efforts. Whatever you need, we are here for you. @IIIMEF
Without the phony Russia Witch Hunt, and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years (Tax & Regulation Cuts, Judges, Military, Vets, etc.) my approval rating would be at 75% rather than the 50% just reported by Rasmussen. Its called Presidential Harassment!
Working hard, thank you!
Doug Wead, a truly great presidential historian, had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history, the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time! @LouDobbs
Hopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is, not restricted. The World does not want to see, or need, higher oil prices!
Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral, this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!
.....considered to be the worst and most dangerous, addictive and deadly substance of them all. Last year over 77,000 people died from Fentanyl. If China cracks down on this horror drug, using the Death Penalty for distributors and pushers, the results will be incredible!
One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a controlled substance. This could be a game changer on what is.......
Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip, including stops, from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything, but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!
.....China had agreed to start immediately buying U.S. products. @business
China officially echoed President Donald Trumps optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to restart imports of U.S. Soybeans & Liquified Natural Gas, the first sign confirming the claims of President Donald Trump and the White House that......
.....China does not want Tariffs!
We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China, or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately, I believe, we will be making a deal - either now or into the future....
....in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving Americas environment. But American taxpayers  and American workers  shouldnt pay to clean up others countries pollution.
I am glad that my friend @EmmanuelMacron and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters....
Could somebody please explain to the Democrats (we need their votes) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration, not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security, including a Wall, is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!
.....But if a fair deal is able to be made with China, one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done, I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation, I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN
......on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is, we will get it done. China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately. President Xi and I want this deal to happen, and it probably will. But if not remember,......
The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended, they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with President Xi in Argentina. Bob Lighthizer will be working closely with Steve Mnuchin, Larry Kudlow, Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro.....
Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance & precision of the last two days have been remarkable!
#Remembering41
Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President @lopezobrador_. He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People. We will work well together for many years to come!
Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H.W. Bush.
Bob Mueller (who is a much different man than people think) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats, dont want the truth, they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!
I will never testify against Trump. This statement was recently made by Roger Stone, essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about President Trump. Nice to know that some people still have guts!
....his wife and father-in-law (who has the money?) off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should, in my opinion, serve a full and complete sentence.
Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time. You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE, unrelated to Trump, things having to do with fraud, big loans, Taxis, etc., and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT & ALREADY reduced deal for himself, and get.....
We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way, people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also, STOP THE DRUGS!
I am certain that, at some time in the future, President Xi and I, together with President Putin of Russia, will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable Arms Race. The U.S. spent 716 Billion Dollars this year. Crazy!
President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change, on trade and far beyond, between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!
Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately. We make the finest and cleanest product in the World, and that is what China wants. Farmers, I LOVE YOU!
My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength, but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!
China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U.S. Currently the tariff is 40%.
This week, Jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of Hanukkah. @FLOTUS Melania and I send our very best wishes for a blessed and Happy Hanukkah! 
....However, out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.
I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20....
President George H.W. Bush led a long, successful and beautiful life.  Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!
Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H.W. Bush
Watch @seanhannity on @FoxNews NOW. Enjoy!
Great day at the #G20Summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Thank you!
Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!
To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a big one. Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!
Just signed one of the most important, and largest, Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States, Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!
#USMCA?t=6m53s
....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money, zero guarantees and didnt do the project. Witch Hunt!
Oh, I get it! I am a very good developer, happily living my life, when I see our Country going in the wrong direction (to put it mildly). Against all odds, I decide to run for President & continue to run my business-very legal & very cool, talked about it on the campaign trail...
Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!
Alan Dershowitz: These are not crimes. He (Mueller) has no authority to be a roving Commissioner. I dont see any evidence of crimes.  This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately. Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side. Where is the IG REPORT?
This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence, not a whiff of collusion, between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting (son Don), perfectly legal. He wasnt involved with hacking.     Gregg Jarrett.  A total Witch Hunt!
Just landed in Argentina with @FLOTUS Melania! #G20Summit
As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect, because there is no one better for the job!
We have been working hard on this - and its only going to get better!
With all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by @GreggJarrett and @JudgeJeanine Pirro. Their books both went to #1. Go get them now, the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!
.@DBonginos new book, "Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump," is terrific. He's tough, he's smart, and he really gets it. His book is on sale now, I highly recommend!
....They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!
.@StephenMoore and Arthur Laffer, two very talented men, have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or, as they call it, #TRUMPONOMICS....
.@SteveScalise has written an absolutely fascinating book (BACK IN THE GAME) on the world of D.C. politics, and more. He has experienced so much, in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage, and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!
....in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia, I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting....
Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China, and there is a long way to go. If companies dont want to pay Tariffs, build in the U.S.A. Otherwise, lets just make our Country richer than ever before!
When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt, one that has shattered so many innocent lives, ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $40,000,000 (is that possible?), it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats arent even looking at the atrocious, and perhaps subversive, crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
General Motors is very counter to what other auto, and other, companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S., including BMW, which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!
So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!
Sebastian Gorka, a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House, has just written an excellent book, Why We Fight. Much will be learned from this very good read!
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and the entire Trump family, I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your hearts, warmth to your homes, cheer to your spirits and JOY TO THE WORLD! #NCTL2018
Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U.S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America, just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!
.....and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio, Michigan & Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also, the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U.S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G.M. event, it is being studied now!
The reason that the small truck business in the U.S. is such a go to favorite is that, for many years, Tariffs of 25% have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the chicken tax. If we did that with cars coming in, many more cars would be built here.....
While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way, at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts & they will get relief. This is our Joseph McCarthy Era!
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!
Brenda Snipes, in charge of voting in Broward County, Florida, was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding, she is a fine, very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they dont want to look at the DNC Server), but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED & acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - dont think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect Americas Workers!
Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO, Mary Barra, for closing plants in Ohio, Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico & China. The U.S. saved General Motors, and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all @GM subsidies, including....
Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!
....terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past, and look where they come from. The now $30,000,000 Witch Hunt continues and theyve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and Justice Department!
....The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint, when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System, where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this, and it wont be Mueller and his...
The Phony Witch Hunt continues, but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side, not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly & viciously they are treating people, ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue....
....starts today, election is on December 4th. @VoteBradRaff is tough on Crime and Borders, Loves our Military and Vets. He will be great for jobs!
Brad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with @BrianKempGA. It is really important that you get out and vote for Brad - early voting....
....and false way. Something has to be done, including the possibility of the United States starting our own Worldwide Network to show the World the way we really are, GREAT!
While CNN doesnt do great in the United States based on ratings, outside of the U.S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world, CNN has a powerful voice portraying the United States in an unfair....
On the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack, the U.S. stands with the people of India in their quest for justice. The attack killed 166 innocents, including six Americans. We will never let terrorists win, or even come close to winning!
....hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met, saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers, people inside from the beginning, ask me why they have not been called (they want to be). There was NO Collusion & Mueller knows it!
When Mueller does his final report, will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble, will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those on the other side(whatever happened to Podesta?), and will he be putting in statements from.....
Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants, many of whom are stone cold criminals, back to their countries. Do it by plane, do it by bus, do it anyway you want, but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress, fund the WALL!
....children from parents, as did Bush etc., because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is, when you do that, vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine, but with Trump its not. Fake 60 Minutes!
.@60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad (cruel) we are, but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated....
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation.  Andrew McCarthy
Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union, for many years, has taken advantage of us on Trade, and then they dont live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!
General Anthony Tata: President Trump is a man of his word & he said he was going to be tough on the Border, and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. Its the right move by President Trump. Thanks General!
Mississippi, Vote for @cindyhydesmith on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!
So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T). Add that, which is like a big Tax Cut, to our other good Economic news. Inflation down (are you listening Fed)!
Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border, or if originating countries would not let them form (it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U.S. No longer). Dems created this problem. No crossings!
The large and violent French protests dont take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.
I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo, Mississippi, on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith, who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border, Crime, Military, our great Vets, Healthcare & the 2nd A. Needed in D.C.
Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on @FoxNews. He wrote a highly touted book called The Second World Wars and a new book will soon be coming out called The Case For Trump. Recommend both. @marklevinshow
....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary, we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will, after decades of abuse, put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No Releasing into the U.S...
I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by @USTreasury Secretary @StevenMnuchin1. The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary, quoting phony sources or jealous people, but they arent true. They never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story.
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @SenSchumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Republicans and Democrats MUST come together, finally, with a major Border Security package, which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk, it is finally time for action. Fix the Border, for once and for all, NOW!
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless, they are working hard to make America a safer place, though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC, and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!

Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world, through teleconference, at 9:00 A.M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots & to thank them for the great job they have been doing, especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!
....and Safety at the Border, or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam, chaos, injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
Justice Roberts can say what he wants, but the 9th Circuit is a complete & total disaster. It is out of control, has a horrible reputation, is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country, 79%, & is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security...
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
Its a mean & nasty world out there, the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment, & one that is absolutely vital to Americas national security. @SecPompeo  I agree 100%. In addition, many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U.S., big Jobs & Oil!
You just cant win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low, more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit. @FoxNews  A terrible, costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism, by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens, is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before. Hector Garza, National Border Patrol Council
.....are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there, and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers, they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!
Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts, but you do indeed have Obama judges, and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an independent judiciary, but if it is why......
Great new book out, Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today  a great read!
Trump Imitation Syndrome is afflicting the presidents liberal enemies   Thank you @MGoodwin_NYPost!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54, was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia, but lets go lower!
AMERICA FIRST!
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents Dinner that this year, for the first time in decades, they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President @MauricioMacri in Argentina later this month.
The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration!
....We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us, Bin Laden being a prime example, Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. Thats ENDING!
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars & they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
.@cindyhydesmith loves Mississippi and our Great U.S.A.
From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!
Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A., often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum, will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security & Wall NOW!
The Mayor of Tijuana, Mexico, just stated that the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants, the backlog could last 6 months. Likewise, the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion, and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!
So funny to see little Adam Schitt (D-CA) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate, but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller (who is highly conflicted) was not approved by the Senate!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you!
Heading to California with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy, @RepLaMalfa, and @KenCalvert. Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters, First Responders and @FEMA, along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way  God Bless you all!
....I cant imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS, the Enemy of the People!
The New York Times did a phony story, as usual, about my relationship with @VP Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me, the only one that would know, for a quote....
Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!
I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory, she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win! @TomReedCongress
Thank you @JerryBrownGov. Look forward to joining you and @GavinNewsom tomorrow in California. We are with you!
....their countrys flag. Can this be possible? Yes, because it is all a BIG CON, and the American taxpayer is paying for it!
Isnt it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving....
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds, he fought & fought & fought, the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!
PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate, and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
Today in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse, it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom..._q0LQ3Z47b9J5IN_jvMXEfB8o0pu8?t=1s
It is our sacred duty to support Americas Service Members every single day they wear the uniform  and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us, we will CHERISH those who protect us, and we will celebrate the amazing heroes...
Last year, I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable. Since my inauguration, we have removed more than 3,600 government employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve....
It was my great honor to host a @WhiteHouse Conference on Supporting Veterans & Military Families...  To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform, & to every Veteran & Military family across our land, I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit with our GREAT U.S. MARINES at the Marine Barracks here in Washington, D.C. We love you @USMC @MBWDC! 
The only Collusion is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didnt the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still dont have it. Check out how biased Facebook, Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. Thats the real Collusion!
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary, Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page & her lover, Peter S, and all of his friends on the other side?
....care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People, including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller, who worked for Obama for 8 years. They wont even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people, horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and dont...
The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes, the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy, always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!
Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start  new job, and new life. The legislation I am supporting today contains many significant reforms. Read more here: 
I am grateful to be here today w/ Members of the House & Senate who have poured their time, heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform. Working together w/ my Admin over the last two years, these members have reached a bipartisan agreement...?t=8s
Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him, and the people of California, all the way!
Was just briefed by @FEMA_Brock and @SecretaryZinke, who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters, First Responders and @FEMA for the incredible job they are doing w/ the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism, courage & genius. God Bless you all!
Not seen in many years, Americas steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administrations policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry, which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!
Boom: Record high business optimism, need for employees at 45-year high
It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali, the Hindu Festival of Lights, in the Roosevelt Room at the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Very, very special people! 
Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States & around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family & friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year. ?v=Dh9zz67KYS4
We mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the California Wildfires. I want to thank the Firefighters and First Responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger....
The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed, nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!
When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to find enough votes, too much spotlight on them now!
By the way, when the helicopter couldnt fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport & big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
......MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!
The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France, 26%, and an unemployment rate of almost 10%. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way, there is no country more Nationalist than France, very proud people-and rightfully so!........
On Trade, France makes excellent wine, but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France, and charges big Tariffs, whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines, and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair, must change!
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One & Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!
I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.
Hopefully, Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!
American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. These guys are acting much worse, and have much more potential for damage to consumers, than anything AT&T-Time Warner would do. Charlie Gasparino
The California Fire Fighters, FEMA and  First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!
The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere, and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!
.....of money spent on protecting other countries, and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection, or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!
.....hundreds of billions of dollars, for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is, and always has been, ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts.....
Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U.S. must be treated fairly, which it hasnt, on both Military and Trade. We pay for LARGE portions of other countries military protection,........
Exactly 100 years ago today, on November 11th, 1918, World War I came to an end. We are gathered together, at this hallowed resting place, to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle....
Poland, a great country - Congratulations on the 100th Anniversary of your Independence. I will never forget my time there!
Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to @EmmanuelMacron, President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A.
On this Veterans Day  the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI, we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War, and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe, Strong and FREE! 
With proper Forest Management, we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!
These California fires are expanding very, very quickly (in some cases 80-100 acres a minute). If people dont evacuate quickly, they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!
More than 4,000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170,000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires, the 52,000 who have evacuated, and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all.
Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!
Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT U.S. Marine Corps
I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war, in particular that one, which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?
There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year, with so many lives lost, all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now, or no more Fed payments!
....Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by @SenJoniErnst, Senator @ChuckGrassley, Ambassador @TerryBranstad, Leonard Leo of Federalist Society, and many more. I feel certain he will make an outstanding Acting Attorney General!
Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise, as Chief, I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact...
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S., China and Russia. Very insulting, but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO, which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!
Just out  in Arizona, SIGNATURES DONT MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
Thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!
In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County, which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a number, couldnt do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him back into play. Bill Nelson conceded Election - now hes back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!
Rick Scott was up by 50,000+ votes on Election Day, now they found many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. The Broward Effect. How come they never find Republican votes?
Jeff Flake(y) doesnt want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel, he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the crime of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!
As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer, Marc Elias, to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Dont worry, Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia  but the Election was on Tuesday? Lets blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
.@BrianKempGA ran a great race in Georgia  he won. It is time to move on!
Presidential Proclamation Addressing Mass Migration Through the Southern Border of the United States
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in #Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!
....Great bravery shown by police. California Highway Patrol was on scene within 3 minutes, with first officer to enter shot numerous times. That Sheriffs Sergeant died in the hospital. God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement.
I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders, together with the FBI, are on scene. 13 people, at this time, have been reported dead. Likewise, the shooter is dead, along with the first police officer to enter the bar....
....We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service, and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date.
We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker, Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice, will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve our Country well....
According to NBC News, Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation (46%) more than they Approve (41%). You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt, led by 17 Angry Democrats, is all about!
In all fairness, Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time, perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!
If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level, then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information, and much else, at the Senate level. Two can play that game!
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election, just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!
I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 11:30 A.M. Will be discussing our success in the Midterms!
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election, embracing certain policies and principles, did very well. Those that did not, say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win, and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!
Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!
Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night, including from foreign nations (friends) that were waiting me out, and hoping, on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!
.@DavidAsmanfox  How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them. They owe him their political career. Thanks, I agree!
....unbelievably lucky to have him and Im just awed at how well theyve done. Its all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible, hes got the entire media against him, attacking him every day, and he pulls out these enormous wins. Ben Stein, The Capitalist Code
Theres only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter & campaigner. The Republicans are.........
Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!
Congressman Randy Hultgren (R) of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!
Florida, very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz (R). He has my Strong Endorsement!
Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11. She is a wonderful person and, at the same time, a real fighter. Has my Strong Endorsement!
Bob Hugin, successful all of his life, would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob.
POLLING LOCATIONS:
Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!
There is a rumor, put out by the Democrats, that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived, spoke at the great Rally, & stayed to the very end. In fact, I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!
A fantastic evening in Cape Girardeau, Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs, great on tax cuts, and tough on crime. He shares your values, and he will always support our Military, Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!!
A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Schumer, Pelosi, Waters, and their socialist agenda. Claire voted IN FAVOR of deadly Sanctuary Cities - she would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens, which is why she needs to be voted out of office. Vote @HawleyMO!
You have been loyal and faithful to your Country, and now you have a President that is loyal and faithful to you. Get out tomorrow, and !
On my way, see you soon Cape Girardeau, Missouri! #MAGARally 
Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne, Indiana! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and  tomorrow!
There is only one way to stop this Democrat-Led assault on our sovereignty  you have to VOTE Republican TOMORROW! Polling locations: 
Thank you Indiana! A vote for Mike @Braun4Indiana is a vote to keep your jobs going up, your wages going up, and your healthcare costs coming down. Its a vote to keep your families safe & to keep criminals, traffickers & drug dealers OUT of our Country! Get out and for for Mike!
Just landed in Fort Wayne, Indiana for a #MAGARally at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. See everyone soon! 
Republicans have created the best economy in the HISTORY of our Country  and the hottest jobs market on planet earth. The Democrat Agenda is a Socialist Nightmare. The Republican Agenda is the AMERICAN DREAM! 
Thank you Ohio! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice. A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Dems is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden, screeching halt. Vote @MikeDeWine!
Somethings happening America! Get out tomorrow and  so together, we can KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name, hes never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar. Chris Wallace on @FoxNews  In other words, Nelson is a stiff.
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesdays Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!
REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didnt call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!
So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday. We are lucky CNNs ratings are so low. Dont fall for the Suppression Game. Go out & VOTE. Remember, we now have perhaps the greatest Economy (JOBS) in the history of our Country!
I need @claudiatenney of #NY22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster. Nobody works harder than Claudia, and she is a producer. I look forward to working together with her - she has my Strongest Endorsement! Vote Claudia!
No matter what she says, Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator!
If @AndrewGillum did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor, the State will be a crime ridden, overtaxed mess. @RonDeSantisFL will be a great Governor. VOTE!!!!!!
.@DebbieStabenow voted against Tax Cuts, great Healthcare, Supreme Court Justices and all of the many things the people of Michigan wanted and need. She is an automatic far left vote, controlled by her bosses. John James can be a truly great Senator!
Dana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal. He works hard and is respected by all - he produces! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military & Vets!
John James, running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan, is a spectacular young star of the future. We should make him a star of the present. A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet, people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow, who does nothing for Michigan!
In just 2 days, the people of Tennessee are going to elect @VoteMarsha Blackburn to the United States Senate to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Marsha!
Thank you for joining us tonight in Tennessee, @TheLeeGreenwood. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!
Great to be back in Tennessee. On our way to the McKenzie Arena in Chattanooga for a huge #MAGARally - see everyone soon!
Thank you Macon, Georgia! Get out on Tuesday, November 6th and VOTE for @BrianKempGA as your next Governor to protect your jobs, defend your borders, fight for your values, and continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
On my way to Macon, Georgia where the crowds are massive, for a 4pmE #MAGARally. Will be in Chattanooga, Tennessee tonight, seen below, for a 7pmE rally. Somethings happening! Everyone needs to get out and VOTE!
WOW - Departing the White House shortly. See you soon Georgia! #MAGA ?utm_medium=web&utm_source=djt_web&utm_content=rally_list
New Fox Poll shows a 40% Approval Rating by African Americans for President Trump, a record for Republicans. Thank you, a great honor!
Unbelievable crowd in Florida tonight. Get out and VOTE! #MAGA
If you want to protect criminal aliens  VOTE DEMOCRAT. If you want to protect Law-Abiding Americans  VOTE REPUBLICAN! 
.@DannyTarkanian is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District, State and Country at the highest level. Danny is strong on Military, our Vets, Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for. Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement!
Another fantastic #MAGARally tonight in the Great State of Florida. In just 3 days, the People of Florida are going to elect @ScottforFlorida and @RonDeSantisFL to protect your jobs, defend your BORDERS, and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA  GREAT AGAIN! 
Heading to Pensacola, Florida - will be there soon. Amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd! Is this a sign of Republican Strength on Tuesday?
Governor @DougDucey of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military & our Vets. Vote for Doug, he has my full and Complete Endorsement!
....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott, who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote @ScottforFlorida!
In all the time Ive been President, almost two years, never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time....
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isnt that what Russia did!?
Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which @MarthaMcSally will provide, and Krysten Sinema doesnt even think about. If it were up to Sinema - drugs, crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace. Vote for Martha!
If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority, they will try to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulations, shut down your coal mines and timber mills, take away your healthcare, impose socialism, and ERASE your borders. VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana!
Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obamas...
New York, get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy, a great and hardworking Congressman. We need Johns voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
Get out and VOTE for @DeanHeller!
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didnt become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
Thank you to @PeteHegseth and @KatiePavlich for your nice, and very wise, statements on the Economy. You both really get it! @foxandfriends
Heading to Montana and Florida today! Everyone is excited about the Jobs Numbers - 250,000 new jobs in October. Also, wages rising. Wow!
Indiana Rally, and Coach Bobby Knight, were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Dont forget to VOTE!
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! @FoxNews If Dems win, she would be put in charge of our Countrys finances. The beginning of the end!
Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!
Massive #MAGARallytonight in Indiana, thank you. Everyone get out and !
Republicans believe our Country should be a Sanctuary for law-abiding Americans  not criminal aliens. And Republicans will ALWAYS stand with the HEROES of @ICEgov, @CBP, and Law Enforcement!
In just 4 days, the people of Indiana are going to send Mike @braun4indiana to the United States Senate, so we can keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out and VOTE!!_Z-A1jQ_cP7Q9N93gHJ?t=10m11s
I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer, Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey!
Just landed - will see everyone in Southport, Indiana shortly! #MAGARally
THANK YOU WEST VIRGINIA! 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
Fantastic #MAGARallyin West Virginia, thank you. Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick @MorriseyWV and @CarolMillerWV!_w8K64Y7vc1z0Mc-dfNomsGFLluVd1zNwUFOrK3XBAg?t=1s

Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today, TWO RALLIES! Dont tell anyone (big secret), but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana. Hes been a supporter right from the beginning of the Greatest Political Movement in American History!
Wow! The U.S. added 250,000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes. Unemployment at 3.7%. Wages UP! These are incredible numbers. Keep it going, Vote Republican!
I love you Missouri! Under Republican leadership, America is BOOMING, America is THRIVING, and America is WINNING - because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST. Get out and VOTE Josh @HawleyMO for the United States Senate! #MAGA
Beautiful evening at a #MAGARally with great American Patriots. Loyal citizens like you helped build this Country and together, we are taking back this Country  returning power to YOU, the AMERICAN PEOPLE. Get out and ! 
Together, we are Making America Safe and Great Again! 
On my way to Columbia, Missouri for a #MAGARally. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! 
Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hurts American workers, burdens American taxpayers, undermines public safety, and places enormous strain on local schools, hospitals and communities..._EyV9U0DoPphkq_w_jpt27F4CbP?t=1s
....His opponent, Jared Polis, is weak on crime and weak on borders  could never do the job. Get out and VOTE  Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
.@WalkerStapleton will be an extraordinary Governor for the State of Colorado. He is strong, smart, and has been successful at everything he has ever done....
Just had a long and very good conversation with President Xi Jinping of China. We talked about many subjects, with a heavy emphasis on Trade. Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G-20 in Argentina. Also had good discussion on North Korea!
Thats because they treat me fairly! @FoxNews tops @CNN and @MSNBC combined in October cable news ratings
Fantastic evening in Florida with great PATRIOTS at a beautiful #MAGARally. Get out and  so we can continue MAKING AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! 
THANK YOU FLORIDA! Get out and VOTE Republican! #MAGA?t=29m27s
It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our Country. Vote Republican now! 
#JOBSNOTMOBS! VOTE REPUBLICAN NOW!!
Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus (far more so than any other local political figure). His sincere level of compassion, grief and sorrow for the events that took place was, in its own way, very inspiring. Vote for Keith!
Harry Reid, when he was sane, agreed with us on Birthright Citizenship!
Paul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on Birthright Citizenship, something he knows nothing about! Our new Republican Majority will work on this, Closing the Immigration Loopholes and Securing our Border!
Republicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!
Donald Trump has made good on his promises, and it drives Democrats Crazy! Brad Blakeman @FoxNews
The World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!
....Harry Reid was right in 1993, before he and the Democrats went insane and started with the Open Borders (which brings massive Crime) stuff. Dont forget the nasty term Anchor Babies. I will keep our Country safe. This case will be settled by the United States Supreme Court!
So-called Birthright Citizenship, which costs our Country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens, will be ended one way or the other. It is not covered by the 14th Amendment because of the words subject to the jurisdiction thereof. Many legal scholars agree.....
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad & solemn day. We were treated so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!
Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday. Today looks to be another good one. Companies earnings are great!
Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans, which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members, into the U.S. Our Border is sacred, must come in legally. TURN AROUND!
The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt, were unable, or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border, but wont!
Congressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected, strong on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!
....Richard Cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas, thats not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!
.@MikeDeWine will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State  and always produces big....
Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.
If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish, I think were going to be right back to our 2,800 to 2,900 target range that weve had for the S&P 500. Scott Wren, Wells Fargo.
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes & Open Borders!
Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District, and far beyond, that he doesnt need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute King of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all, he loves his State & Country. Strong Endorsement!
Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky, who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent, has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime, the Border, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment, we need Andy in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Erik_Paulsen, @Jason2CD,  @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border, Military, Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Denver4VA of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
So Revealing!
I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word Media. The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it, and fully understand!
CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the Media is the Enemy of the People. Wrong! I said that the Fake News (Media) is the Enemy of the People, a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!
Great job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!
In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard/Yale educated man named @RonDeSantisFL who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee, said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!
Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back, you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!
Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade, Military and everything else! Excellent call, wished him congrats!
....of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!
There is great anger in our Country caused in part by inaccurate, and even fraudulent, reporting of the news. The Fake News Media, the true Enemy of the People, must stop the open & obvious hostility & report the news accurately & fairly. That will do much to put out the flame...
The Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans, Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually, it is their Fake & Dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand!
Just watched Wacky Tom Steyer, who I have not seen in action before, be interviewed by @jaketapper. He comes off as a crazed & stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is, if he is running for President, the Dems will eat him alive!
Thank you to Steve Rogers, FBI Joint Terror Task Force (Ret), for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement. @JudgeJeanine
Very interesting!
Watching the Dodgers/Red Sox final innings. It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose & dominating through almost 7 innings, Rich Hill of Dodgers, and brings in nervous reliever(s) who get shellacked. 4 run lead gone. Managers do it all the time, big mistake!
...This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.
All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones, and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries...
As you know, earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The shooter is in custody, and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police...
Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been, and will be, with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America.
Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!
#Walkaway  Walkaway from the Democrat Party movement marches today in D.C. Congratulations to Brandon Straka for starting something very special. @foxandfriends
Budd and Mark, two great patriots for Congress!
Martha McSally is a great warrior, her opponent a Nancy Pelosi Wacko!_pence/status/1055986341211791360
Thank you Charlie!
Good luck Mary!
A big change is coming - dont want the Dems anymore!
Trump Thunders at Media for Smearing His Supporters after Bomb Scares  via @BreitbartNews
Fantastic evening in Charlotte, North Carolina with great PATRIOTS. Get out and VOTE for @buddforcongress and @MarkHarrisNC9!  #MAGARally replay: 
If you meet every day with optimism  if you confront every obstacle with determination  if you refuse to give up, if you never quit, if you face every challenge with confidence and pride  then there is no goal you cannot achieve, and no dream beyond your reach! #YBLS2018
It was my great honor, thank you!
Whether you are African-American, Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all  you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST!
It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant, courageous, patriotic, and PROUD AMERICANS. Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in Americas future. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders...
I want to applaud the FBI, Secret Service, Department of Justice, the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York, the NYPD, and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work, skill and determination!
I would like to begin todays remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to high-profile figures throughout our Country, and a media org. I am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended the suspect and taken him into custody.
I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.
Republicans are doing so well in early voting, and at the polls, and now this Bomb stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate, what is going on. Republicans, go out and vote!
Twitter has removed many people from my account and, more importantly, they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship, now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?
The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong (but fair) laws. If not, we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.
Funny how lowly rated CNN, and others, can criticize me at will, even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing, yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream, its just not Presidential!
The Service Members who died that day included brave young Marines just out of high school, accomplished officers in the middle of their military careers, and enlisted men who had served in theaters all over the world...
In 1983, roughly 1,800 Marines were in Beirut to keep the peace in a Nation torn apart by Civil War. Terrorists had bombed the U.S. Embassy earlier that year, killing 63 people, including 17 Americans...
We are gathered together on this solemn occasion to fulfill our most reverent and sacred duty. 35 years ago, 241 American service members were murdered in the terrorist attack on our Marine Barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. Today, we honor our fallen heroes...
.@BrucePoliquin from Maine is a great Congressman. He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat. Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment. We need to keep Bruce in Washington. He has my Full Endorsement!
.@MikeDunleavyGov will make a fantastic Governor of Alaska. Mike is for Energy and Jobs, is tough on Crime, loves our Vets and our Great Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
.@LloydSmuckerPA is doing a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. Lloyd has my Total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is doing a great job as your Congressman, already very respected in Washington. Get out and VOTE for Troy - we need him  great guy  has my Total Endorsement!
.@JohnChrin of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for #MAGA and loves the Great State of Pennsylvania. Please get out and vote for John, he has my Total and very Strong Endorsement!
...I agree with their stance 100%, and the United States is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration. The Prime Minister is working very hard on the economy of Italy - he will be successful!
Just spoke with Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy concerning many subjects, including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration...
Spoke with French President @EmmanuelMacron this morning. Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where @FLOTUS Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration!
To those in the Caravan, turnaround, we are not letting people into the United States illegally. Go back to your Country and if you want, apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing!
Remarks by President Trump on a Year of Historic Progress and Action to Combat the Opioid Crisis 
The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese (glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone, & when I do its government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!
A very big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News. It has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description. Mainstream Media must clean up its act, FAST!
Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council is right when he says on @foxandfriends that the Democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the Border. MUST BE CHANDED, but I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!
The so-called experts on Trump over at the New York Times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect I do not have time here to correct it. I only use Government Phones, and have only one seldom used government cell phone. Story is soooo wrong!
Just leaving Wisconsin. @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir are fantastic people, badly needed for our Country! #MAGA
Just arrived in Wisconsin to help two great people, @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir!
The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI, Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Secret Service...
I agree wholeheartedly!
Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions, Democrats will not! Vote Republican.
Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams will destroy the State. Sooooo important, get out and VOTE for Brian!
We are a great Sovereign Nation. We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally!
For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration, just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years. A total mess! They only wish they had that decision to make over again.
I agree with President Obama 100%!
Billions of dollars are, and will be, coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiations - if a country wont give us a fair Trade Deal, we will institute Tariffs on them. Used or not, jobs and businesses will be created. U.S. respected again!
#JobsNotMobs 

Congressman John Faso of New York has worked hard and smart. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment, John is respected by all. Vote for John. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously high amounts of hurricane/disaster funding to pay off other obligations. The U.S. will NOT  bail out long outstanding & unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money!
Jay Webber of New Jersey, running for Congress, is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially. Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes. A Harvard graduate and father of seven, Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help!
Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and very smart. Keep Erik in Congress. He has my Strong Endorsement!
We send our deepest condolences to @RepLouBarletta and the entire Barletta family, on the passing of his brother. Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family!
Todays Democrat Party would rather protect criminal aliens than AMERICAN CITIZENS - which is why the Democrats must be voted OUT of OFFICE! #JobsNotMobs 
At stake in this Election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let the Radical Democrat Mob take a giant wrecking ball to our Country and our Economy! #JobsNotMobs
THANK YOU HOUSTON, TEXAS. Get out and ! #JobsNotMobs 
_eslgnxNpuTOXwvHyNF?t=1s
Massive crowds inside and outside of the @ToyotaCenter in Houston, Texas. Landing shortly - see everyone soon! #MAGA
Lets go FLORIDA! 
Last day to register to VOTE in Alabama, California, South Dakota and Wyoming! #JobsNotMobs 
WOW - thank you Houston, Texas! I am departing @Andrews_JBA now. See you in a few hours!! #MAGA
....I say of course theyre low - because for the first time in 50 years I am making them pay a big price for doing business with America. Why should they like me?  But I still like them!
The Fake News Media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world, including the European Union, as being very low....
America: the Cleanest Air in the World - BY FAR!
Shock report: US paying more for illegal immigrant births than Trumps wall
Big Night In Texas!!!!
Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U.S. We will now begin cutting off, or substantially reducing, the massive foreign aid routinely given to them.
Every time you see a Caravan, or people illegally coming, or attempting to come, into our Country illegally, think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws! Remember the Midterms! So unfair to those who come in legally.
Sadly, it looks like Mexicos Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy. Must change laws!
Congressman Tom Reed of New Yorks 23rd District has done a great job. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum, a mayor who presides over one of the worst run, and most corrupt, cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!
Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to purge themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business?
Best Jobs Numbers in the history of our great Country! Many other things likewise. So why wouldnt we win the Midterms? Dems can never do even nearly as well! Think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401-ks!
The Caravans are a disgrace to the Democrat Party. Change the immigration laws NOW!
Full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our Souther Border. People have to apply for asylum in Mexico first, and if they fail to do that, the U.S. will turn them away. The courts are asking the U.S. to do things that are not doable!
Watched North Dakotas Rep. Kevin Cramer easily win debate with Senator Heidi Heitkamp. Great job Kevin, you will be a great Senator!
All levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD, including during EARLY VOTING. Cheat at your own peril. Violators will be subject to maximum penalties, both civil and criminal!
Beautiful afternoon in Elko, Nevada. Thank you! Get out and VOTE TODAY!! #MAGA#JobsNotMobs 
Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend, Senator Dean Heller. He is all about #MAGA and I need his Help and Talent in Washington. Also, Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR, and has my complete and total Endorsement. Winners Both!
Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night, in Mesa, honoring, and for, Martha @RepMcSally McSally. She is an inspiration & will be a GREAT SENATOR for the people of Arizona. Her opponent is a Nancy Pelosi puppet, really bad for State. Early Voting NOW! Will be back soon.
Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis is working hard. A great Congressman and top student at Harvard & Yale, Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida. Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to further build on. His opponent runs one of the worst & most corrupt cities in USA!
Get out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia!
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor. He has been successful at whatever he has done, and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years. He has my Strong Endorsement. His opponent is totally unqualified. Would destroy a great state!
If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together, we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless  pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck & Nancy, call me!
Beautiful evening in Mesa, Arizona with GREAT PATRIOTS - thank you!  #MAGARallyreplay: 
This was outside of the massive totally full hangar tonight in Mesa, Arizona!  #MAGA
On my way - see you all shortly! 
WOW - Mesa, Arizona! Look forward to joining everyone soon. Somethings happening!! #MAGA
This is what it is all about for the Republican Party! #JobsNotMobs
#JobsNotMobs!
Beto ORourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz, and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!
When referring to the USA, I will always capitalize the word Country!
Congressman Andy Biggs is doing a great job for Arizona and our Country!
#JobsNotMobs!
Jon Tester says one thing to voters and does the EXACT OPPOSITE in Washington. Tester takes his orders form Pelosi & Schumer. Tester wants to raise your taxes, take away your 2A, open your borders, and deliver MOB RULE. Retire Tester & Elect America-First Patriot Matt Rosendale!
Thank you Missoula, Montana. Get out and VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana!! #MAGA 
The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists, who couldnt care less about our Country!
Will be landing soon. Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana, Matt Rosendale. He will represent our Country well, far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us!
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan has been working with me to help balance out the one-sided Trade with Japan. These are some of the investments they are making in our Country - just the beginning!
Thank you Mexico, we look forward to working with you!
Look forward to being there. Somethings happening! #MAGA
Can you believe this, and what Democrats are allowing to be done to our Country?
All Republicans support people with pre-existing conditions, and if they dont, they will after I speak to them. I am in total support. Also, Democrats will destroy your Medicare, and I will keep it healthy and well!
See you tonight Missoula, Montana! #MAGARally?utm_medium=web&utm_source=djt_web&utm_content=rally_list
.@StateDept @SecPompeo outside of the West Wing after our meeting this morning in the Oval Office...
...the Crown Prince. He is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the Saudis and Turkey, and just gave a news conference to that effect.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo returned last night from Saudi Arabia and Turkey. I met with him this morning wherein the Saudi situation was discussed in great detail, including his meeting with...
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is one of the hardest working, and smartest, people in Washington. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for MAGA and loves the Great State of Virginia. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
....The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws!
....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U.S.....
Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson, the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama, Bush & me, Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!
This afternoon, it was my great honor to present @USMC Sergeant Major John Canley the Medal of Honor in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse! 
Congressman Neal Dunn (@DunnCampaign) of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with #MAGA. Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild. Strong on Crime, strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Neal has my highest Endorsement!
College educated women want safety, security and healthcare protections  very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country. I supply all of this far better than any Democrat (for decades, actually). Thats why they will be voting for me!



See, the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision.#.jqGL4JMjk
Via @IBTimes: "Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses"
Interesting reading re September 11th?_r=0
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW!  
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on @FallonTonight last Friday-
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher & sharper
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
"@joshdill64: Our passion for @realDonaldTrump is amazing! "
"@aldeguer_elsa:  @American1st @ofccadjust @AnnCoulter @JebBush HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN #Trump "
"@TMoody: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes? @JebBush "
"@SweetFreedom29: Hey @realDonaldTrump --> FLASHBACK: Jeb Bush Admitted Leaky Immigration Led to 9/11  #tcot"  WOW!
"@JulesSiscoe: We finally have a voice with @realDonaldTrump! #VoteTrump #CoalitionForTrump #CitizensForTrump"
"@theratzpack: @Svingali @FoxNews @megynkelly i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED"
"@lwentzel1: Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is  by @realDonaldTrump"
"@Weaverinc31: The problem is @MittRomney was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!"
"@vbonina:  @ConserveCast @GeorgeWill why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about."
"@Crowebar_67:  @megynkelly Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down
"@rikemohome: @GeorgeWill @FoxNewsSunday   George is full of Crap SC Element TV's Are CHINESE MADE.  WHAT A LIAR!!"
"@ChefMama32: @realDonaldTrump Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS"
"@ConserveCast: The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is @GeorgeWill . He is such a sourpuss, HATES @realDonaldTrump
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat "us" is don't watch her show!
"@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!"
"@Justice41ca: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I'm watching it again right now in California"
"@Svingali: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Can't wait for @megynkelly to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!"  Won't happen!
"@PattyDs50: @FoxNews We want Donald !! Yah next president! #TrumpTrain #TrumpForPresident"  We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@PattiPav1: @realDonaldTrump Great interview!"  Thanks
"@kathystone1221: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump #Trumptrain"
"@traceclmbs82:  @FoxNews Pampered @GeorgeWill who never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs 2 foreign countries @FoxNewsSunday"
"@rfscottga: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again.  Trump 2016"
"@BentleyforTrump:  @FoxNewsDear Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America! #Trump2016"
"@RebelCapsGal: @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!"
"@SongBird1154: Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, & GOD forbid next Prez #NTXForum"
"@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!"  Thank you.
"@rdpaga: @JebBush we were attacked on ur brothers watch. That's not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq & 911
"@clar: @GeorgeWill @brithume The TV's made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys. @realDonaldTrump is right @BretBaier #WakeUpAmerica"
"@howddyd: @FoxNewsSunday @realDonaldTrump is correct u can't allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge #'s of jobs."
"@paulferguson17: @FoxNewsSunday @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @FoxNews. Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald"
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews  at 6:00 P.M.
"@tweet4upatriots: I believe @realDonaldTrump can make AMERICA GREAT again #C2GTHR "  Thank you!
"@Kellmat2: @realDonaldTrump @RD_2008 @JebBush Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster."
"@RD_2008: @JebBush Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio. @realDonaldTrump"
"@MarcosTheJackal: @realDonaldTrump @d_seaman  jebbush marcorubio: How could those two think they can compete with you. You are a legend.
"@Tuvarkz: @realDonaldTrump Can't Stump the Trump"
"@muhfuck: @BernieSanders Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@American1st: @ofccadjust  @AnnCoulter GW Bush was open borders like @JebBush. TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!"
"@Pappenjazz: An Incredibly Strong Interview Of @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsSunday, Good Response  IC Those @FoxNews NaySayers dissapating!"
"@UndEngel: @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter Couldn't have said it, better... Nothing "fake" about you, sir."
"@HardcoreRepub: @kencampbell66 Dude, @realDonaldTrump 's tactics are just on a level we've never seen before. "
"@AnnCoulter: Read this DJT full-p ad from 1989 and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately "fake" conservative:
"@AnnCoulter:He's right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bush's watch: With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country
Just reported by CNN that "the Trump halo effect"  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
"@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!"
"@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!"
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!
"@mesiaindo: @chazermann26 I don't think @NBC will cave. They've seen ratings soar with @realDonaldTrump and Money matters!"
"@d_seaman: @realDonaldTrump Trump wins, hands down: ?v=L3QpVZdm1JE Jeb is weak, Rubio is broke."
"@danlifting: @realDonaldTrump Get a life George Will. USA doesn't make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!"
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
"@AdamBlickstein:I never thought I'd say this but @realDonaldTrump sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didn't keep US safe
"@smr111382: @realDonaldTrump One of the best interviews I have seen!"  @FoxNews
"@BBCARKING: @JoeTrippi @realDonaldTrump @scottienhughes Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the
"@WalterEKurtzJr: @realDonaldTrump  Chris Wallace: "After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President
"@97Musick: @FoxNewsSunday @skyjones55 @realDonaldTrump Of course they're going up! Trump is going to WIN this!! #Trump2016"  Thanks.
"@Glitter_alex: @realDonaldTrump is what we need to fix this mess! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!"
"@girl_iowagirl20: #STOPTHEPRESSES @britthume just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee! #HellJustFrozeOver @FoxNews
Does everyone remember   @MittRomney and his famous remarks about "self-deportation" and "47%". He was done. I don't need his angry advice!
.@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
.@MittRomney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama!
"@blondesforjesus: @FoxNewsSunday Loving @realDonaldTrump interview. #TrumpSwagger #ChrisWallace" Thank you.
.@FoxNewsSunday
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
"@ClaytonMorris: Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls.   "  Thanks Clayton
Amazing! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
"@mklloydva: Some of you already know. I have made the Jump to Trump. Donald Trump is the man that will win the GOP."
"@bk2seattle: @realDonaldTrump I was with you in Tyngsboro, Ma. last night! You WILL be our next President!!!" What a fantastic evening!
"@HL3tweets: Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning, and figure out how to PAY BACK everyone"
"@vlynpowell: @realDonaldTrump At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
"@mimi_saulino: @mariclaire81 @realDonaldTrump Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visa's for illegals. Super PAC Saudis.
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
"@aspiesmom: NYPost "gets it", you talk like a New Yorker. My Dad is a Democrat Long-Islander, he "gets it" too, and you've got his vote"
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing-
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say-
.@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people  no pic!
Thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond.
.@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
"@myhealthcoach1: @NoahGrayCNN  Thank You Police Force for your efforts of Protecting Donald Trump We Love You For This, God Bless You!!!"
.@JebBush, like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
No @JebBush, youre pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brothers term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
"@TRUMPHIANT2016: I've never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as @realDonaldTrump  #TrumpTrain #VOTETRUMP
.@JebBush, At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice & did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. 
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine, "Sloppy" Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?
A great new poll-33%!#!response/TR130/type/smallest/filters/PARTY_ID_:2/dates/20150808-20151016/collapsed/false
Nice story from @businessinsider
.@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
"@samijs1: Hahahahahahaha...love it!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2015 #TrumpTrain Choo choo...all aboard! :) "
"@jamesdschulzejr: @FoxNews  You GOPe supporters wrong again on Trump, give it up. Get on the Trump train. GREAT NEWS
"@jimmy_jkmorgan:  @JoeyL3rd @foxandfriends @EricTrump Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life."Thanks
"@JohnNew2015:  @lance_combrink Well, @KarlRove is an establishment hack big government RINO whose only hope is @JebBush - That's sad, eh!?"
"@Pjdahling: @mitchellvii the truth prevails when it is so obvious. @realDonaldTrump is a force that is unstoppable"
"@SHLOMO_ABADDON: @TODAYshow @MLauer @realDonaldTrump Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !"
"@JoeyL3rd: @foxandfriends @EricTrump Grt interview, I'm telling ya, @realDonaldTrump children r going 2 b a HUGE asset 2 him & his campaign
.@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
"@lance_combrink: @realDonaldTrump Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?"
"@Hohummm: Did you also hear Megyn say "Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls" OUTRIGHT LIE!"  Hatred!
"@RickStans1: Donald, Megyn Kelly seeks ratings, not truth Not much of a journalist. Stay focused & make your own narrative. It's working"
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
"@ofccadjust: Such a played out segment as well, can't stand to watch her anymore. The bobbing head drives me nuts... #boycottKellyFile"
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt & Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
"@RedScareBot: @brandongordy1: @realDonaldTrump is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT, what a mistake."
"@bigmikeobrien: @EricTrump @skyjones55 @greta @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @CarlRove is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment"
"@IsupportTrump16: @realDonaldTrump Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for ALL of us.
"@davidaxelrod: .Met @IvankaTrump a few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughter's help. She's a throughly impressive person."
Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!
Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
.@KevinHart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @K1047 & was asked about his thoughts on @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!
A great day in New Jersey for Trump!  &
Signing my tax return....
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain 
"@FoxGotTrumped: @realDonaldTrump with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!! #Trump2016
Just did @OReillyFactor. Will be back on at 11pm on @FoxNews.
"@CHM1321: @realDonaldTrump is "in it to win it"."
"@TrumpFix: I swear, Donald is getting better, bolder, brasher, and more kick ass with every event/intvw he does! HE WILL WIN!
"@JeremyHL: RT @FoxNews: .@realDonaldTrump: I have thousands of Hispanics working for me & they like me very much. "
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina  great #s_carolina_republican_presidential_primary-4151.html
.@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for NevadaWOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4_republican_presidential_caucus-5336.html
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than hes gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tylers song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the B team. She wont be so lucky when it comes to me!
We need a strong leader- and fast! 
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last nightget through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The latest book on HillaryWow, a really tough one!  @RogerJStoneJr
"@releafpen: Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!"
"@PauperInAPinch: @realDonaldTrump Thank goodness #DemDebate is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@Angie58493041: @sadmexi @realDonaldTrump sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015"
"@debateless: @realDonaldTrump I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns #CNNDebate #CNN #Debate #DNC"
"@magnifier661: @realDonaldTrump they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny #DemDebate #USADJT2016"
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
"@suzyserb: @realDonaldTrump 100,000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition
"@FrankGuaragna: @realDonaldTrump OMalley destroyed Maryland..  True, he was a disaster.
"@Cola0531: @realDonaldTrump watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA"
Wow, I am giving a speech on OAN. Much more exciting than debate!
"@mcowgerFL: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING America's veterans!"
"@CricketDrews: @realDonaldTrump exactly! #DemDebate is a joke. Trump2016!"
"@Jamesppierce: These 5 make @realDonaldTrump look like Winston Churchill #DemDebate"  Cute!
"@Jtrink97: @Hell0ThereLydia @realDonaldTrump his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding"  Thanks.
"@ObamaTax: After @hillaryclinton poor performance, waffling in debates, @Teamsters14 should support @realDonaldTrump"
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
"@i_am__tyler: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!
"@keksec_org: The only winner of the #DemDebate is @realDonaldTrump."  This is not a great debate - a little sad!
"@TS01171980: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump isn't on the stage, turning this garbage off
"@TimCooperTweets: How amazing is it that the #1 trending topic is @realDonaldTrump talking about the #DemDebate-more than the debate itself
"@RealNinjetta: @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle Why did Hillary get to skate past the "Do Black Lives Matter"  Anderson let her off hook!
"@julieruot: I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need @realDonaldTrump."
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
"@Achilarre: I couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the @realDonaldTrump debated any one of these five jabronis"
"@XGDesignsNYC: Yada yada...It's a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets! @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate"  Thanks.
"@mikerichterp: @realDonaldTrump I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate.
"@Iamnewhere: Webb is trying to be @realDonaldTrump and its not working."  He is not doing well!
"@DNorrell: This is one of the most dysfunctional debates I've seen in my lifetime. @realDonaldTrump"
"@NexiaVauxhall: @realDonaldTrump I love that NO group can buy @realDonaldTrump"
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
"@Pandorasandy1: @realDonaldTrump we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!!"   Thanks!
"@prissyalways: @realDonaldTrump I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. #DemDebate"
"@FEDEnergy: @NRA @nranews Support the NRA more then ever, @nationalrifle needs to back @realDonaldTrump who wants to protect 2nd amendment!
"@theericker: @realDonaldTrump not watching debate....just your tweets"  Nice!
"@jennasnowy69: @realDonaldTrump why is Webb there??"
"@Roolaloo: Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with @realDonaldTrump and #DemDebate. Lets make America great again! #trump2016"
"@JuliaTock: @realDonaldTrump Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!
"@LaurenDa123: @realDonaldTrump I think @JebBush and @marcorubio are supposed to be on this stage"
"@KOsbornSullivan: On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch #DemDebate and read @realDonaldTrump comments.
"@rjdicksii: @realDonaldTrump. These cats are like bad used car salesmen."
"@princeolivier13: Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! #trump2016 #DemDebate"
"@maxxgadog: @LindaSuhler @realDonaldTrump if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching"
"@Jeff_Gabe: I miss @realDonaldTrump #CNNDebate"
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
"@tr3s3can: @realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!
"@amd9890: .@realDonaldTrump was right...#DemDebate is boring  these ppl are so scripted"  So far!
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
"@MichaelTribunel: @realDonaldTrump imagine Chafey standing up to Putin"
"@wayway71: @realDonaldTrump Webb is OUT!!"  Bad opening!  #DemDebate
"@0Nonsense: @realDonaldTrump Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, I'm out."
"@adamscottnow: @realDonaldTrump,If I have the #DemDebate on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #DemDebate
"@HL3tweets: @TDsVoice @CNN @CNNPolitics I'm watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trump's Tweets. Grab the popcorn"
"@valmouw: @realDonaldTrump where are you? I'm already getting bored and it hasn't even started #DemDebate"
"@sassylassee: My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring @realDonaldTrump #CNNSocialistDebate"  #DemDebate
"@JoethomasSmith: #DemDebate  The @IvankaTrump interview tomorrow on @CNN will have better ratings than the #democraticdebate #Trump2016
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
"@MintzShire: @realDonaldTrump @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics We need Trump Now!!!"  Make America Great Again!
"@moshe_mkmdca: @realDonaldTrump @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics following Donald is beautiful. If it's not beautiful it's not Donald" So nice!
"@hapearce1: @realDonaldTrump they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight." I hope not!
"@StreckerJosh: The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones."
"@xai7126: @greta I'd rather see @realDonaldTrump be the debate moderator!"
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
"@ElviNichols: Will @CNN be tough as they were with @realDonaldTrump ?  No way, they will want to be soooo nice!
"@CNN: .@realDonaldTrump will be live-tweeting the #DemDebate  via @CNNPolitics "
"@007lLisav: @CNN @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics can't wait for his insightful & intelligent tweets." You sound like a very smart person!
"@seancduarte @TeamCavuto #Yourworld If @realDonaldTrump wins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win, win."
Live from New York- November 7th! @nbcsnl
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th --  look forward to it!
"Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need"
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a plant during my speech yesterday in NH?
So nice, thank you very much.
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate
Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds"      ?ReleaseID=2289
"@Ma1973sk I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Won't watch debate but will watch Trump's Twitter"
"@007lLisav: @CNN @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics can't wait for his insightful & intelligent tweets."  Will be so much better than CNN!
"@ElviNichols: Will @CNN be tough as they were with @realDonaldTrump ? Not sure.." No way, they will be very gentle!
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA & CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
"@jonygitar: #morningjoe @morningmika @Morning_Joe @JoeNBC Surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?"
"@Politics_Reddit: That feminist who called out Trump last night? She's a Jeb intern. "  Jeb always gets caught, sad!
"@ryan_padraic: Get the popcorn, Donald Trump plans to live-tweet the #CNNDebate. #DemDebate "
"@farrightgregy: Dan Rather: Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President ?ns_mail_uid=4202934"  I agree - thanks Dan!
Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
"@deqwik2: @SaraMurray @realDonaldTrump Sorry link above not working. Here's good link "  @CNN and Jeb - apologize!
"@Parker_Votes: California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID. @realDonaldTrump
"@TopherCarlton: .@JebBush Sickening attempt. I hope .@realDonaldTrump jumps another 10 points. #WakeUpAmerica "
"@codyave:  @drudgereport @BreitbartNews @Writeintrump "You Can't Stump the Trump" ?v=MKH6PAoUuD0 "
"@BackOnTrackUSA: @seanhannity You are looking & sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"@mimi_saulino: @seanhannity @FoxNews Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?"
"@kyredblood: @realDonaldTrump Great Fox interview"  @seanhannity
"@heavenlyitalian: @seanhannity @FoxNews time we had a businessman in the WH,who can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class
"@GregWescott: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets!"  Thanks!
"@VickyBrush: That young girl asking if she'll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!  @HorseShort
"@connie_lee1: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you.
Via RealClear Politics_republican_presidential_primary-3921.html
"@CFT1 @realDonaldTrump doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
"@CNNPolitics: .@clayaiken praises "good guy" Trump and his "upstanding" and "grounded" kids 
"@kausmickey: .@realDonaldTrump was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011 _n_869646.html"  So true!
"@TheFix: Tuesday's Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump."  True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
"@Clint_Goodrich: They used to call Barry Diller the father of "e-commerce"-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100%clueless on Internet"
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
Via Breitbart - "Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia"
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress & @ThisWeekABC, I think its only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
"@nypost: People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump "  Thanks to all of these great songwriters. Get rich!
"@MyPresidentme: @realDonaldTrump @thehill She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE! #Trump2016
"@thehill: .@realDonaldTrumps biggest Hispanic fan: "Hes my perfect man"  "  A great woman!
"@w_gorham: @realDonaldTrump Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally! "
"@AliceEngle3: @trumpiowa @TRUMPVICTORY16 @realDonaldTrump   The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!"
"@TheWTFTahoe: Please don't ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@Jamgrigs: @realDonaldTrump Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION
"@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!"  Thanks!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch @FaceTheNation on CBS & @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
Mark--They could use you.  
Good luck to the US Mens National Team in tomorrows CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!
New Gravis Poll in NH just out:  Trump 32%, Carson 13%
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas
"@paulfincher2 Keep the faith. Elect @realDonaldTrump and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals."
"@michaeljohns With this month's 224-page @simonschuster book Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate.."
Thank you.
"@Women4Trump  MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Jude's Charity ?328645-1/donald-trump-campaign-rally-las-vegas 
"@ept_rudyru @AnnCoulter I'm Hispanic & @realDonaldTrump has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland! "
"@JBOD2001 @realDonaldTrump yeah, you're really wearing out your welcome.  Who's dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!"
True. Thanks.  
Thanks.
"@JayMichaelsProd  Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??"
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrowheres the info: . Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
"@BarbMuenchen @grindingdude  the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again." Thanks.
Thanks Larry. Best wishes._kudlow/status/648570414118105089
Good luck! Enjoy.
"@LauraRosenCohen @MarkSteynOnline  on @realDonaldTrump "There is nothing Trump does that doesn't work for him."
"@DavidFoody @realDonaldTrump Thank you for taking on the   Establishment.They don't know what to do, do they?"
"@AlisaApps @realDonaldTrump you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up! #AlisaReal" Thx
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no it factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada!
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! 
Thank you!
"@Momfullofhope @BorderWall @realDonaldTrump rocks it everywhere he goes" Thanks.
Thanks.
Website Exposing Marco Amnesty Rubio Goes Live: A Donor Class Puppet? - Breitbart
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian
"This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America"  via Bloomberg Politics
"@DesignerDeb3 Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr @realDonaldTrump !"
"@PennySingletary: @realDonaldTrump we know this and that's why you will be our next President"  Thank you.
"@SKennedy1979: No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! I'm excited."
"@GaryGaryt52: @DanScavino @JudiLoera @realDonaldTrump WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CAN'T WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP
"@MidOhioMilitia: I haven't missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #IBelieve"
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else.
"@Moonwkr: @realDonaldTrump I would like to nominate @IvankaTrump for Speaker of the House" What a great idea, she is a total winner! (Nice)
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers & ratings are way down & he has become irrelevantglad I didnt do his show.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
"@PjwJ316: @realDonaldTrump YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDS @realDonaldTrump FOR PRESIDENT!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!"
"@GraggQuinton:  This is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -Trump in Oklahoma . Got even bigger "
"@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you are the best #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"  Thank you so much!
"@Sandikay60: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Donald Trump, our next president of the United States! #trump2016"  Thank you.
"@metskins10: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide."
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@DarrenJJordan: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens And he's still a consultant? For what?"  Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice.
"@3462727: @BretBaier @Norsu2 @realDonaldTrump tired of FOX bashing Trump & pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush"
"@sugarofsaturn: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens On the bright side Romney's loss gave us Donald Trump!"  So true!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
.@politico has no power,  but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
"@darcy027027: @realclearspam @ElliekeMary @AnnCoulter @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Don't worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !"
"@trumpgasm: NEW- 10/6/15 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER 37%!! #!response/TR130/type/smallest/filters/PARTY_ID_:2/dates/20150808-20151006/collapsed/false "
"@sharonDay5: The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"
"@Foosball38: @realDonaldTrump we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Let's make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016"
"@sempek1: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry."
"@ManahawkinMikey: @realDonaldTrump @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN At least @megynkelly came to her senses #asksean "
"@darcy027027:  @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Just In! 10/6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6"
"@nedbello: @realDonaldTrump Your Doing GREAT!"  Thanks.
"@GardiBates: @ananavarro @cnn @realDonaldTrump Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump.  So true!
"@For2016: pundits love to take a snippet, out of context, from something DonaldTrump says, and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it
"@ajbruno14: @MaraLiasson What media fails to mention, @realDonaldTrump offers solutions, even without details....separates him from others!
"@bluegirlvi: @BretBaier @FoxNews DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! He's winning over others too #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"@pnicastro1:  @WayneNewtonMrLV He did give tremendous praise for you this morning on @foxandfriends. Keep it up!Make America Great Again!"
"@lewgeraldine: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump TRUMP FOR "PRESIDENT" YOU HAVE MY VOTE."  GREAT.
"@ChadR73: Guess Barry Diller is afraid @realDonaldTrump is about to upset the crony applecart. #Trump2016 @Carl_C_Icahn" An angry fool!
"@TheConnieMoore: @realDonaldTrump see u Sat in GA !!"  Great!
"@rogerhartford8: @realDonaldTrump hope you win it all . Time for a change !!"
"@TN_RiverFolk: My 2016 Vote will B based on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain NOT Eminent DomainAmericans need 2Prioritize   "
"@Jrdavisii: @realDonaldTrump was great! @stephenfhayes is jealous that Trump didn't mention him. It's because SH is so wrong!
"@4mostcoach: I enjoy every @realDonaldTrump speech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODY's going 2 tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM.
True! _aub/status/651487010847391745
I will be on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM.
"Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump" via Washington Examiner
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on meremember they wanted my million dollarsI said nototal frauds!
.@WayneNewtonMrLV  Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
"@kitkat123frank: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @SpecialKMB1969. You have my vote"
"@SteveBrainard1: @realDonaldTrump @CNN great interview Trump!"
"@CPO_Mark_2010: @realDonaldTrump is fired up on @cnn!!! So are your supporters!! #Trump2016"
"@WMikeWood: @cnn Trump Shuts down Cuomo. "I am not getting out." I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional."
"@jpm05880: @realDonaldTrump @CNN TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL..."
"@AJ_Nix: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Great job Mr Trump,,,Kept em on topic,, Got your message though."
"@Nay_2xTimes: Great interview on #NewDay @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@Tea4Freedom: @realDonaldTrump @CNN That was awesome, boss! #trump2016"
"@Lisa_Steen: seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please don't go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU"
"@realbigstriper: @ChrisCuomo Pew poll: @realDonaldTrump holds commanding lead @CNNPolitics "
"@AngelaDale143: @realDonaldTrump @CNN wow, did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man, Mr. Trump; certainly not the lamb chop, Rubio."
"@LindaRicker6: My choice @realDonaldTrump just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air."
"@Karentalk: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING.."
"@LarrySchweikart: @peddoc63 @RickCanton @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marco's head"
I will be interviewed on @CNN New Day at 7:03 A.M. Enjoy!
"@CASuperrunner: @cu_mr2ducks @FoxNews @foxnewspolitics  Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubio's idea"
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@jaxx613: @realDonaldTrump @Renhowe @donlemon @CNN . Mark Levin interview was great"
"@Q1776: Love fest for DonaldTrump on @marklevinshow just now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!
"@Knight276: @Writeonright @Real_Carl_Icahn @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!"
"@4udirtyrat: @realDonaldTrump 9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama"
"@Raddmom: @realDonaldTrump - don't let the media & the @GOP elites push you out- Americans are with you!" Thanks, I won't!
"@TheWTFTahoe: @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@KingVantes: @AnnCoulter @RedState TRUTH .Just like Perry, Walker, Bush .. all y'all who go after @realDonaldTrump WILL FAIL  #Trump2016"
"@OperaPilot: @realDonaldTrump: You have the ability to lift the spirits of this country to be GREAT AGAIN!" Thanks, I will do it!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@Forbes: If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.  Nice!
"@TODAYshow: "We're pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall." -@SavannahGuthrie"  So true!
"@WayneDupreeShow: HEADLINES: Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go #KeepingItReal "
"@marklevinshow: Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 8:30 PM eastern time." Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
"@PaulRSidneyUK: I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
"@MichellePippin: @realDonaldTrump When are you coming to #virginiabeach?" Very soon!
"@AndreaTantaros: DonaldTrump is right. And sadly Christians were treated better under Hussein & Gaddafi than ISIS.
"@DGrant39107133: @nathanpaul1975 Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did
"@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@Margee11: WATCH @realDonaldTrump Fires Up the Crowd in Franklin, Tennessee  via @trumpstump2016"
"@nathanpaul1975: @realDonaldTrump Hollywood doesn't get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!"
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC    at 10:00 A.M.
"@TrumpNewMedia: @carrillo_pete ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT  
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
"@TheNewsClub_US: RT @realDonaldTrump "@laurencristmann: @topcota1SG @PhxKen i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP #RT #CNN #HBO"
"@TheNewsClub_US: RT @realDonaldTrump Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30. #RT #CNN #HBO"
"@DeborahCroce5: @realDonaldTrump ends speech in Franklin, Tennessee w/ Thank You I Love You All!! We love you 2 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"@laurencristmann: @realDonaldTrump @topcota1SG @PhxKen i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBER"  Thanks.
"@joetoohey: This morning on @meetthepress - @chucktodds sit down with @realDonaldTrump in his NYC Campaign HQ #MTP
"@polemicism: Okay okay @realDonaldTrump was right: LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really, really bad."
"@lindaleereyes: @realDonaldTrump Great Job Donald!!! Can't waite for you to be President and neither can America!!"
"@misterdish69: @IAmFreedomMan @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @realDonaldTrump @CNN "
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30.
"@BillPwr1:  @collegestump @CNN @FoxNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @blackrepublican FYI @batchelorshow @larry_kudlow #Trump2016 appeal grows!"
"@NeilForell: Watched the roast of @realDonaldTrump You took those jokes like a champ, what a good sport! Im voting for you now"  Great.
"@topcota1SG: @PhxKen I am Hispanic and will vote for @realDonaldTrump"
"@sfurnbac: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for the great #SNL this week!!!"
"@piercingshawn: @realDonaldTrump Please don't roll over . You are this country's last hope and our kids need you. Don't lose this deal !"
"@SolFusionGreg: @Mediaite The more the Progressives & RINO's poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!"
"@scottferson: .@TaranKillam plays a way better fake @realDonaldTrump than a real @HillaryClinton plays herself @nbcsnl"
"@leftfootjustice: If @realDonaldTrump becomes @POTUS we will finally have a @WWE Hall of Famer as President."
"@RealReagan0503: It's funny how they say @realDonaldTrump doesn't give specifics but he's the only one who put out more than 2 policies.
"@JWbananastand: @nbcsnl I think I just heard @realDonaldTrump's ratings go up another 5% #Trump #SNL"
Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon!
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they "love" each other.They don't - word is hate!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.Great
"@elkay14: @jordanfax I like gutsy brave guys like #Trump #Reagan , I hate all those bloody hypocrites @realDonaldTrump" Thank you.
"@collegestump: Can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to be the next pres.  @CNN @FoxNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @blackrepublican "
Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
"@gse_says: Overwhelming wins by @realDonaldTrump in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.
"@mormontim: Going to see @realDonaldTrump tomorrow in franklin TN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@tvegan: DonaldTrump your kicking everyone's ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!
"@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump great numbers #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"  Thanks.
"@misskellyaudrey: @FoxNews @HowardKurtz @MELANIATRUMP Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity #Trump2016"
"@HowardKurtz: @JoeNBC It'd be humorous to cull tweets from "experts" over past few mos who have predicted Trump's immediate collapse"
"@HowardKurtz: Trump's big lead in a new poll and whether Jeb's "stuff happens" was taken out of context with @megynkelly tonight" Thanks H!
"@valerieannt:  @DRUDGE_REPORT @JebBush Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@apolloNC1: @realDonaldTrump @MNManstein2 You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!"
"@KelliHeathman1: Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016"
"@TheNewsClub_US: RT  "@MNMans: Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters  #RT #CNN #HBO _US/status/650126273033797632/photo/1"
"@KenPettigrew: Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!"
"@MNManstein2: Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With 34 - 35% Support...  via
"@thehill: P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump:  "
"@swterry91: Donald Trump Leads by 9 Points in Pew Poll  Jeb Bush in Free Fall #tcot "
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging @MontesKitchen in upstate, New York.
Congratulations to my brother Robert & Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
"@Tea4Freedom: Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald Trump " Pastor Jeffres is a great guy!
"@billsupdates: Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming president " Team has a great owner!
"@DoDFiredawg78: @realDonaldTrump Virginians stand with you sir! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident"
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
"@VoteDonaIdTrump: @realDonaldTrump @Renhowe @donlemon @CNN we love trump"
"@Renhowe: I enjoyed @donlemons interview with @realDonaldTrump on @CNN Need more interviews like that." Thanks.
"@RLHoldenSr: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!"
"@TheBrodyFile: The HUGE @TheBrodyFile DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on @700club. @ABCFamily channel at 10am ET."
"@WETHEPEOPLE65: @realDonaldTrump @BigStick2013 @TIMENOUT @CNN @donlemon GO TRUMP, OUR GUY"
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
"@JYakburger: @EthaBrooke  IF @MittRomney ran more like @realDonaldTrump and less like McCain, he would've won. Failed campaign tactics.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
"@gedion_t: @realDonaldTrump @EthaBrooke @MittRomney No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote "T"
"@Def: CNBC's John Harwood Today "We don't have Superman presidents" "No" DonaldTrump replied .."But we WILL if you have Trump!" #Trump2016
"@EthaBrooke: @cs1racefan @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney The truth about Romney...he didn't want the presidency bad enough!"  He choked!
"@EthaBrooke:  @MittRomney Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didn't fight hard enough." True!
"@msann43: How can Illinois keep @realDonaldTrump off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!
"@barreto_eugenio:  @MittRomney it's sad, but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump."
.@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've wonhe choked!
"@JayRHaw: @realDonaldTrump was right. @RandPaul wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why he's still running for his Senate seat  #Trump2016"
"@JoyCardinShow: Latest @MULawPoll finds @ScottWalker at 37 percent approval, @realDonaldTrump leading GOP in #Wisconsin.
"@Margaretweber48: @realDonaldTrump Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye, bye Rand!"
"@WMikeW: It's hard to get through corrupt media filter but Trump is doing it. Check out 9/30/15 @donlemon int'view "
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
"@sternbutgreg: @realDonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. It's real." Thank you!
"@TIMENOUT: @CNN @donlemon congratulations Don that was a great interview @realDonaldTrump"
"@CFT1: .@realDonaldTrump Great interview on @CNN @donlemon @CNNTonight #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TRUMP"
"@angeloftruth11: @realDonaldTrump great interview with @donlemon. Thank you.
"@AnnieClarkCole: How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted."
"@jaycatalyst1: @realDonaldTrump Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point."
"@Hashtag1USA: I just watched D Trumps interview on @CNN i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak! @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016-Thanks
"Trumps Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve?" by Jeff Bell   
I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate.
With @williebosshog, a great guy, at our 20,000 people event in Oklahoma last week. 
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root.
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy!
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents & is totally controlled!?_r=0
Highly respected economist @Larry_Kudlow is a big fan of my tax planthank you Larry.
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
"@kissmeandrocco: @realDonaldTrump who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just don't want a good country" Thank you.
Just read that "Trump" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Great!
Carl Icahn said this about me:  "I think at this moment in time, hes the only candidate that speaks out about the countrys problems."
Definitely watch @Carl_C_Icahn s Danger Ahead. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America: 
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the racehe is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
"@polina6: @realDonaldTrump MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!"
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
"The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy"  by Wayne Allyn Root.
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!_chart_1999_2007FLb_16s2li111mcn_H0s
Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Thanks. 
?t=1s
Great to see @AGPamBondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Survivors. BIG PRIORITY and Florida is getting it done! #FortifyFL
Every day, our police officers race into darkened allies, deserted streets, & onto the doorsteps of the most hardened criminals. They see the worst of humanity & they respond with the best of the American Spirit. Americas LEOs have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation!
We thank you. We salute you. We honor you. And we promise you: we will ALWAYS have your BACK  now and FOREVER! #IACP2018
Americas police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger & despair you are the reason we never lose hope  because there are men & women in uniform who face down evil & stand for all that is GOOD and JUST and DECENT and RIGHT! #IACP2018
It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Thank you! #IACP2018 #LESM_K6ya6-5cPy52UFSrkZ?t=3m32s
Departing Washington, D.C. for the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! #IACP2018
Christopher Columbuss spirit of determination & adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On #ColumbusDay, we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator, & celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean.
.@SecPompeo had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang. Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements! I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim again, in the near future.
You dont hand matches to an arsonist, and you dont give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!
Beautiful evening in Topeka, Kansas. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE! #MAGA
Thank you Kansas - I love you!_Q3pkR0oyuvTU2e1ScZovXxPvSHzypF5VgXz8v?t=1s
The crowd in front of the U.S. Supreme Court is tiny, looks like about 200 people (& most are onlookers) - that wouldnt even fill the first couple of rows of our Kansas Rally, or any of our Rallies for that matter! The Fake News Media tries to make it look sooo big, & its not!
I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the United States Supreme Court. Later today, I will sign his Commission of Appointment, and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!
I have asked Steve Daines, our great Republican Senator from Montana, to attend his daughter Annies wedding rather than coming to todays vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to, but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family, congratulations-have a wonderful day!
Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capitol Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
Very proud of the U.S. Senate for voting YES to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!
Just out: 3.7% Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969!
The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Dont fall for it! Also, look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love! #Troublemakers
Beautiful evening in Rochester, Minnesota. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
Thank you Minnesota - I love you!_Sv1ScdxbamcQTE8Fv5LPaS1gBofmWBnALCnbOmB?t=1s
Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect @KarinHousley to the U.S. Senate, and we need the strong leadership of @TomEmmer, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber in the U.S. House!
Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending!
U.S. Stocks Widen Global Lead
Statement on National Strategy for Counterterrorism: 
Working hard, thank you!
This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100, it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats.
This is a very important time in our country. Due Process, Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial!
Our countrys great First Lady, Melania, is doing really well in Africa. The people love her, and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see.
The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most importantly, this great life cannot be ruined by mean & despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations!
Wow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!
My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriffs Office and the Florence Police Department tonight, in South Carolina. We are forever grateful for what our Law Enforcement Officers do 24/7/365.
Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call, we will work well together!
I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better.
Mexico, Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now, because of the USMCA, work very well together. Great Spirit!
Blowout numbers on New Jobs and, separately, Services. Market up!
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement, and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work! @Varneyco
Thank you Governor Phil Bryant - it was my great honor to be there! #MAGA

The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time, a presidential record, by far, for less than two years. So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed.
The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of time value of money in doing a very old, boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up, this means that 97% of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!
Congressman @PeteSessions of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D.C. by all, he always gets what his district, and our country, wants and needs. Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment. Pete has my Full and Total Endorsement. A great guy!
Thank you Mississippi - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today, my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants  a top priority for @sandyhook. I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!
National wage growth is at the highest its been in nearly 17 months -- and, according to a new study released by Glassdoor, its not expected to slow down anytime soon....
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA
Thank you Mississippi - I love you!_aLyM8CgTMwFukCAacLfqkYgB3sy16wPUaHvV?t=1s
This is really an incredible time for our Nation - WE are RESPECTED AGAIN!
USMCA Wins Praise as a Victory for American Industries and Workers
Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this!
Yesterday, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Ronald J. Shurer II, for his actions on April 6, 2008, when he braved enemy fire to treat multiple injured Soldiers. Read more: 
THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOURE TIRED OF WINNING!
Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade (and more) long into the future.
Happy 7th birthday to Tristan, a very special member of the Trump family!
WOW - THANK YOU TENNESSEE!
Thank you Tennessee - I love you!
_8Rw9XQUvMcy4o8DBZ3?t=19m40s
News conference on the USMCA this morning at 11:00 - Rose Garden of White House.
Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!
....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduces Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
Late last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada, to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement, or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries, solves the many......
Wow! Just starting to hear the Democrats, who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay, are starting to put out the word that the time and scope of FBI looking into Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough. Hello! For them, it will never be enough - stay tuned and watch!
So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history, median income the highest, and you then add all of the other things I have done, how do Democrats, who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK, win the Black Vote?  And it will only get better!
Like many, I dont watch Saturday Night Live (even though I past hosted it) - no longer funny, no talent or charm. It is just a political ad for the Dems. Word is that Kanye West, who put on a MAGA hat after the show (despite being told no), was great. Hes leading the charge!
NBC News incorrectly reported (as usual) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh, and witnesses, only to certain people. Actually, I want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate, at their discretion. Please correct your reporting!
Thank you West Virginia - I love you!
?t=1s
Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on @FoxNews tonight. Long lines, but will be great!
Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam, where for 12 years he told the people of Connecticut, as their Attorney General, that he was a great Marine War Hero. Talked about his many battles of near death, but was never in Vietnam. Total Phony!
Just started, tonight, our 7th FBI investigation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He will someday be recognized as a truly great Justice of The United States Supreme Court!
Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting. Democrats search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist. The Senate must vote!

Join me this Saturday in Wheeling, West Virginia at 7pmE! Tickets: ?utm_medium=web&utm_source=djt_web&utm_content=rally_list
Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D.C. Tough and smart, he loves our Country and will always be there to do the right thing. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers, made to look like news. Thats because we are beating them on Trade, opening markets, and the farmers will make a fortune when this is over!
Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He is just looking for attention and doesnt want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!
Jobless Claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years!
Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high, close to breaking the all-time record. A big jump from last 8 years. People are excited about the USA again! We are getting Bigger and Richer and Stronger. WAY MORE TO GO!
The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person. It is called the politics of destruction. Behind the scene the Dems are laughing. Pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family!
These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump. @LindseyGrahamSC
73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly #UNGA
Consumer confidence rose in September, notching its highest level in about 18 years. The Consumer Board's index rose to 138.4 this month from 134.7 in August...
Remarks by President Trump at a Luncheon Hosted by the Secretary-General of the United Nations 
Remarks by President Trump to the 73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly 
Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you dont get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.
Thank you Dr. Jeffress!
Thank you Mark!
_BBsa0ExrieTL-ZGq5kof4UVXvFpI3JUJoVW?t=1s
Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when I took office less than two years ago. We are also MUCH safer!
Despite requests, I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!
Republican Party Favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than Democrats!  Gallup
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Accusations the likes of which have never been seen before!
REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!

It was my great honor to welcome President @EmmanuelMacron of France to the United States, here in New York City, this evening! #UNGA
It was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt to the United States this afternoon, in New York City. Great meetings! #UNGA
Joint Statement on the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement: 
Brett Kavanaugh and his wife, Ashley, will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on @marthamaccallum @FoxNews. This is an outstanding family who must be treated fairly!
US-Korea Free Trade Agreement Signing Ceremony!_ZW6DkQxEfMtkk2YSQsWWs3qTZV6hkvdOW9ExVlu?t=1s
It was my great honor to welcome and meet with President @moonriver365 Jae-in of South Korea today, in New York City!  #UNGA
Today, we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together! #UNGA
Remarks by President Trump at Global Call to Action on the World Drug Problem Event #UNGA 
Prime Minster @AbeShinzo is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but, most importantly, he just had a great landslide victory in Japan. I will congratulate him on behalf of the American people!
Going to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight, talking Military and Trade. We have done much to help Japan, would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship. It will all work out!
Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting! @TigerWoods


New Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident!
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!
Thank you Missouri - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Missouri - I love you!_qO0Jci8fouM?t=1s
Remarks by President Trump at the Signing of H.R. 5895: 

Promises Kept for our GREAT Veterans!
Throughout American history, the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country, making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we honor all American Prisoners of War: 
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct & Resist & Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!
....has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this (and hopefully other things which he is looking at). In the end I can always declassify if it proves necessary. Speed is very important to me - and everyone!
I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also, key Allies called to ask not to release. Therefore, the Inspector General.....
The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW. Why didnt someone call the FBI 36 years ago?
I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!
I have no doubt that, if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn  date, time, and place!
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who dont want to know the answers, they just want to destroy and delay. Facts dont matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C.
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN!
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada - I love you! #MAGA
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!?t=1s
Landing in Las Vegas now for a Make America Great Again Rally supporting @DeanHeller and @DannyTarkanian. Also doing interview there with @seanhannity live on @FoxNews. Big crowd, long lines. Will be great! #MAGA

On my way to Las Vegas, Nevada. Look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA

...North Korea to be identified as a result of my Summit with Chairman Kim. These HEROES are home, they may Rest In Peace, and hopefully their families can have closure.
Army Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel, 32, of Vernon, Indiana, and Army Pfc. William H. Jones, 19, of Nash County, North Carolina, are the first American remains from...
Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo on his HUGE election victory in Japan. Im looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week!
.@JayWebberNJ is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey. He is outstanding in every way. Strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Big Crime fighter. Jay has my Full and Total Endorsement!
S&P 500 HITS ALL-TIME HIGH  Congratulations USA!
I want to know, where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill, and where will it come from after the Midterms? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security. REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH!
....The thing thats lacking is we cant properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. Senator David Perdue of Georgia.
We cant secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this. His agenda is working. The economy is growing at twice the rate it did under Obama. Weve nominated and confirmed 68 Federal Judges, 26 Court of Appeals Judges....
We protect the countries of the Middle East, they would not be safe for very long without us, and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices! We will remember. The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now!
Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic. There are plenty of new, high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy. If you are not happy where you are, start looking - but also remember, our economy is only getting better. Vote in Midterms!

Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called The Deep State. Very interesting indeed!
Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence. Tremendous talent and spirit!
President Donald J. Trumps Administration is Providing Support to Those Impacted by Hurricane Florence
North Korea recommits to denuclearization - weve come a long way. @FoxNews
....it was impossible - and then already its over 4%, and I expect its going to grow faster and faster. Were just getting started here. Peter Ferrara, former advisor to President Reagan. @foxandfriends
The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trumps Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy booming. Before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. It took just 6 months for Trump to get to 3%, even though they said.....
....returned home to the United States. Also, North and South Korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 Olympics. Very exciting!
Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections, subject to final negotiations, and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts. In the meantime there will be no Rocket or Nuclear testing. Hero remains to continue being........
The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters, and others, are watching, and studying, the Democrats Playbook.

Today, it was my great honor to welcome @prezydentpl Andrzej Duda of Poland to the @WhiteHouse!
Today, I took action to strengthen our Nations defenses against biological threats. For the first time in history, the Federal Government has a National Biodefense Strategy to address the FULL RANGE of biological threats!
Thank you to our great Coast Guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved! 
...that FEMA, our Military, and our First Responders, who are all unbelievable, are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie, but thats what they do, and everybody knows it!
Right now, everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence  and they are 100% correct. But dont be fooled, at some point in the near future the Democrats will start ranting...
Happy 71st Birthday to our GREAT United States Air Force!
.....China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers, ranchers and/or industrial workers are targeted!
China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that.....
....campaign, which is unprecedented in our history. Congressman Peter King  Really bad things were happening, but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!
What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants, that the important information was kept from the court, theres going to be a disproportionate influence of the (Fake) Dossier. Basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential...
Today, as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper. Today, and every day, we honor, cherish, and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers, Families, Students, Businesses, and Leaders...
Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John, they will say he is a true star. Also, distinguished Military and a Combat Vet!
It was my great honor to host todays Inaugural Meeting of the Presidents National Council for the American Worker in the Roosevelt Room!  Read more: 

Happy Constitution Day!
Join me in Las Vegas, Nevada at 7:00pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: 
Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but gag clauses prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act. #AmericanPatientsFirst
Immediately after Comeys firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover, Lisa Page We need to Open the case weve been waiting on now while Andy (McCabe, also fired) is acting. Page answered, We need to lock in (redacted). In a formal chargeable way. Soon. Wow, a conspiracy caught?
Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT. @FoxNews by Catherine Herridge. Therefore, the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!
Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!
Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us, they will be Tariffed!
A lot of small & medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well, low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that werent during Pres. Obamas Watch. Peter Morici
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16% since the Election, #TrumpTime!
Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control, kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!
Watch @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. Russian Hoax the big topic! Mainstream Media, often referred to as the Fake News Media, hates to discuss the real facts!
Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!
FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede, they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!
The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the Clinton campaign, so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO, not allowed under the LAW!
Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr. to Obama: My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not  via @BreitbartNews
Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. May God be with them!
When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders, we dont have a country. With Open Borders, which the Democrats want, we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!
While my (our) poll numbers are good, with the Economy being the best ever, if it werent for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt, they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller & the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms. No Collusion!
.@DannyTarkanian of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda. He is Strong on Crime, the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Danny Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total and complete Endorsement!
Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!
Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
Thank you Brock  it is my honor!  We (@FEMA) have never had the support that we have had from this President.  Administrator @FEMA_Brock
Thank you @nycemergencymgt!
When President Obama said that he has been to 57 States, very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that...story of the year! @IngrahamAngle
....GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico (how would they not know this?). This method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed. FIFTY TIMES LAST ORIGINAL NUMBER - NO WAY!
When Trump visited the island territory last October, OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Maria. The Washington Post. This was long AFTER the hurricane took place. Over many months it went to 64 PEOPLE. Then, like magic, 3000 PEOPLE KILLED. They hired....
Great job FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy, very dangerous, tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!
My thoughts and prayers are with  Evelyn Rodriguez this evening, along with her family and friends. #RIPEvelyn
The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup, rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else.  @EdRollins   The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country. @LouDobbs
They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico, yet 70% of the power was out before the storm. So when did people start dying? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism?  @GeraldoRivera
Keep up the great work - THANK YOU!
We love the #CajunNavy - THANK YOU! #FlorenceHurricane2018
Incredible job being done by FEMA, First Responders, Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!
Gina is Great!
John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime, which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!
Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!
Thank you @USNationalGuard! #HurricaneFlorence
I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are with you! 
Thank you @USCG!
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with China, they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging, theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs & making products at home. If we meet, we meet?
.....This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico. If a person died for any reason, like old age, just add them onto the list. Bad politics. I love Puerto Rico!
3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island, AFTER the storm had hit, they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths. As time went by it did not go up by much. Then, a long time later, they started to report really large numbers, like 3000...
Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High! @foxandfriends  And will continue to rise (unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built).
.....It is a cesspool of corruption, and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.  @GreggJarrett
More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI & DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. Others were leaking like mad in order to get the President! ........
We are completely ready for hurricane Florence, as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!
The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesnt have the aptitude or smarts & is a poor public speaker & nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful. Ive made a lot of bankers, and others, look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy!
Tonight, it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the @WhiteHouse!?t=4m47s
#HurricaneFlorence 
It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders. This storm is extremely dangerous. Be SAFE! #HurricaneFlorence 
I can say, as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation, that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion.  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intelligence Committee, Chairman
Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready, be prepared!

Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!
We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida (and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Rico, even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent Mayor of San Juan). We are ready for the big one that is coming!
The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever & that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words, its time to end this Witch Hunt. @LouDobbs   Russian collusion was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!
Crazy Maxine Waters: After we impeach Trump, well go after Mike Pence. Well get him.  @FoxNews  Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!
....giving the information, and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions.....  Alan Dershowitz   @TuckerCarlson   In other words, the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?
You know whos at fault for this more than anyone else, Comey, because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor, and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in........
#NeverForget #September11th
The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE! 
Small Business Optimism Soars to Highest Level Ever | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
#NeverForget #September11th?t=1m10s
17 years since September 11th!
Departing Washington, D.C. to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville, Pennsylvania with Melania. #NeverForget
Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership, bravery and skill must never be forgotten. Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR!
ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is. @LouDobbs
New Strzok-Page texts reveal Media Leak Strategy.  @FoxNews  So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching, and they get it completely.
#NeverForget #September11th
We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump & Russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI & DOJ, the Hillary campaign, foreign spies & Russians, incredible. @SaraCarterDC @LouDobbs

Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm. Federal Government stands by, ready to assist 24/7.
My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also, looking like a direct hit on North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!
Was just briefed via phone by @DHSgov @SecNielsen and @FEMA @FEMA_Brock, along with @VP Mike Pence and Chief of Staff, John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you. Be SAFE!
Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments (Ambassadors, Executives, etc.) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!
To the incredible citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly, and we are here for you!
The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!
President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP, stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2%, and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun.
The Economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our countrys history (remember, its the economy stupid!), that the Democrats are flailing & lying like CRAZY! Phony books, articles and T.V. hits like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!
It is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you? General Mattis, General Kelly said its not true. @SavannahGuthrie @TODAYshow  Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold, even by NBC.
Im taking this book with a grain of salt & everyone should do the same. Multiple sources, but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously. Katelyn Caralle, Washington Examiner
The White House is a smooth running machine. We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our countrys history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!
The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them, like the book, are fiction. Dems cant stand losing. Ill write the real book!
If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016, GDP, which was about 1% and going down, would have been minus 4% instead of up 4.2%. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!
The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years!
Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days...
...its commitment to denuclearize. @FoxNews  This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you To Chairman Kim. We will both prove everyone wrong! There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! Much better than before I took office.
North Korea has just staged their parade, celebrating 70th anniversary of founding, without the customary display of nuclear missiles. Theme was peace and economic development. Experts believe that North Korea cut out the nuclear missiles to show President Trump......
Wow, NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13%, the lowest in over a decade. If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem, and it is all shown on broadcast, maybe ratings could come back? Otherwise worse!
Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible. GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate. The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low. CNBC...Also, the Stock Market is up almost 50% since Election!
If the U.S. sells a car into China, there is a tax of 25%. If China sells a car into the U.S., there is a tax of 2%. Does anybody think that is FAIR? The days of the U.S. being ripped-off by other nations is OVER!
Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher U.S. Tariffs. CNBC.  This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!
Barack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, whats happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream. Jason Chaffetz
Happy Anniversary! #ProudDeplorable
So nice, thank you both!
The Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun. But if Im all of those terrible things, how come I beat them so badly, 306-223? Maybe theyre just not very good! The fact is they are going CRAZY only because they know they cant beat me in 2020!
Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close, or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!
Our Social Media (and beyond) Stars, @DiamondandSilk, are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all very proud of them, and their great success!
So true! Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party, whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates.  Nicholas Fandos, @nytimes
Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax, and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. Start building new plants now. Exciting! #MAGA
We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but, importantly, our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun!
To this point, President Trumps achievements are unprecedented.  @LouDobbs
Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First policies, is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendmen, Trade, Military and Vets. Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
14 days for $28 MILLION - $2 MILLION a day, No Collusion. A great day for America!
Unprecedented Jobs Growth Streak Continues as Wages Rise
Under our horrible immigration laws, the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions. House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons (Crazy Dems opposed). Need to get this bill to my desk fast!
The Woodward book is a scam. I dont talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!
Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State, Montana! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
What was Nike thinking?
Thank you Montana, I love you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!_ob0JxLkvlz?t=2s
Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale, who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down & does not deserve another six years. Matt is strong on Crime, the Borders, & will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught. Loves our Military & Vets!
Landing in Montana now to support Matt Rosendale for U.S. Senate! #MAGA
Are the investigative journalists of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer?
Look forward to seeing everyone in Montana tonight! #MAGA 
The record is quite remarkable. The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016. People should focus on the results, and theyre extraordinary!  James Freeman - Wall Street Journal
Cosumer confidence highest in 18 years, Atlanta Fed forecasts 4.7 GDP, manufacturing jobs highest in many years. Its the story of the Trump Administration, the Economic Success, thats unnerving his detractors. @MariaBartiromo
The Deep State and the Left, and their vehicle, the Fake News Media, are going Crazy - & they dont know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before, Jobs are at Historic Highs, soon TWO Supreme Court Justices & maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption. Wow!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims unwavering faith in President Trump. Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together!
Im draining the Swamp, and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Dont worry, we will win!
Does the so-called Senior Administration Official really exist, or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist, the Times must, for National Security purposes, turn him/her over to government at once!
TREASON?
The Failing New York Times!
Today, it was my honor to welcome the Amir of Kuwait to the @WhiteHouse! 
Join me tomorrow night at 7:00pm MDT in Billings, Montana for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Get your tickets here: 
Thank you General Mattis, book is boring & untrue!
Thank you General Kelly, book is total fiction!
Just like the NFL, whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN, Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned, I just find it hard to watch, and always will, until they stand for the FLAG!
The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work  requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!
Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. Im tough as hell on people & if I werent, nothing would get done. Also, I question everybody & everything-which is why I got elected!
Isnt it a shame that someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact, and get away with it without retribution or cost. Dont know why Washington politicians dont change libel laws?
Secretary Mattis Nukes Woodward Allegations
Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book 'Fiction': 'Product of Someone's Rich Imagination'  via @BreitbartNews
The already discredited Woodward book, so many lies and phony sources, has me calling Jeff Sessions mentally retarded and a dumb southerner. I said NEITHER, never used those terms on anyone, including Jeff, and being a southerner is a GREAT thing. He made this up to divide!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said its time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. Actually Chuck, theyve been doing that from the day I announced for President. Theyve gone all out, and I WON, and now theyre going CRAZY!
The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and General (Chief of Staff) John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds, a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?
Statement from White House @PressSec, Sarah Sanders:
Statement from White House Chief of Staff, General John Kelly:
Statement from Secretary of Defense, James Mattis:
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court
Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California. Paul has my total and complete Endorsement!
Pledge to Americas Workers
....looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!
The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean, angry, and despicable the other side is. They will say anything, and are only....
Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state, Arizona. I look forward to working with him!
Everyone in the path of #Gordon please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NHC_Atlantic for updates. The Federal Government stands ready to assist. Be safe!
NBC FAKE NEWS, which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story, is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Dont let that happen!
According to the Failing New York Times, the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. It wasnt about Trump, he wasnt even close to a candidate yet.  Rigged Witch Hunt!
I see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!
....The Democrats, none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions, must love him now. Same thing with Lyin James Comey. The Dems all hated him, wanted him out, thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man, a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!
Two long running, Obama era, investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff......
The U.S. is respected again!
Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!
Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!
....The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian, Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other, and everyone sees it!
Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called left is angry at him. So sad, but the center & right loves Tiger, Kanye, George Foreman, Jim Brown & so many other greats, even more.......
There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons & Fusion GPS, & where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump. Bongino
No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele.  Jesse Waters
....positions of power. Thats part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton & the FBI, & when they fired him for lying, they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable. @GreggJarrett
Theres no fairness here, if youre a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If youre connected to Donald Trump, you get people like Robert Mueller & Andrew Weissman, and his team of partisans, coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their....
We shouldnt have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
....Remember, NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we dont make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w/ these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely & we will be far better off...
....Donald Trump, and now we find out that there wasnt even a hearing - that Donald Trumps 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away...and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true, when it wasnt? This is the scandal here - a police state.  Dan Bongino
You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clintons political opponent......
....of the DOJ & FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption. @TomFitton @JudicialWatch
Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldnt hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isnt about Carter Page, its about the Trump Campaign. Youve got corruption at the DOJ & FBI. The leadership....
I love Canada, but theyve taken advantage of our Country for many years!
I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system. Alan Dershowitz  It has become tainted and corrupt! DJT
Still cant believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?
Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!
The ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us, out of shame, to about even. They will never learn!
.@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!

President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers
Wow, I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada, and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well, just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!
I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. Im picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know, Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment, Crime, Borders, Military, and Vets!
Thank you Indiana, I love you!?t=1s
Throwback Thursday! #MAGA
Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime & Borders, the 2nd Amendment, & loves our Military & Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
CNN is working frantically to find their source. Look hard because it doesnt exist. Whatever was left of CNNs credibility is now gone!
Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indianas next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime & Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military & Vets. Will be a big night!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!
Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohrs wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is, unbelievably, still there!
The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!
Ivanka Trump & Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called pushing out of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it, purposely,so wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesnt exist-just a smooth running machine with changing parts!
The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets, or seen your 401ks rise beyond your wildest expectations, more good news is coming!
I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesnt matter to them, they only have their hatred & agenda. This includes fake books, which come out about me all the time, always anonymous sources, and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!
Whats going on at @CNN is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were hurt badly!
The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually, as I have always said, this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, & AT&T should fire him to save credibility!
Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the Greatest President for Black Americans  via @BreitbartNews
...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge, Rosemary Collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of these people from the DOJ & FBI in there, & if she finds there were crimes committed, and there were, there should be a criminal referral by her.... @GreggJarrett
Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasnt true, it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in......
Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report. @BretBaier  Oh well, so much for CNN saying it wasnt Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low, its FAKE NEWS!
CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy @carlbernstein, a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool, making up story after story, is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News
...differences, they will be resolved in time by President Trump and Chinas great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong.
...of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides, the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea, and Japan, if he so chooses. If he does, they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.China trade disputes, and other...
...considerable aid, including money, fuel, fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless, the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one, and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts...
STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSE  President Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time, we also know that China is providing North Korea with...
#StopTheBias
How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful!  Witch Hunt!
Consumer Confidence Index, just out, is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also, GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!
White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shortly after the confirmation (hopefully) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!
Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, the Border and our  under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement!
When you see anonymous source, stop reading the story, it is fiction!
Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media. @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources dont even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!
Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually, it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - theres no doubt about that! @TuckerCarlson
The Obama people did something thats never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. Im beginning to think it is rotten & corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did. @TuckerCarlson  DOJ
Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary, but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime & many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!
Martha McSally, running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate, was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha, a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress, WINS BIG. Congratulations, and on to November!
Hillary Clintons Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI & DOJ or, after all of their other missteps (Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, FISA, Dirty Dossier etc.), their credibility will be forever gone!
New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! @FoxNews
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!
Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!
Report just out: China hacked Hillary Clintons private Email Server. Are they sure it wasnt Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually, a very big story. Much classified information!
Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!
Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!

Consumer confidence pops in August to highest level since October 2000
....results on Trump News are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google & others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can & cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for Trump News shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake News Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me & others, so that almost all stories & news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative & Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96% of....
I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they dont say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!
NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!
President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.  @LouDobbs
VOTE FOR RON!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya, @UKenyatta and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the @WhiteHouse today!
United States-Mexico Trade Agreement: 
Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military & our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement.
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida.Strong on Crime, Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!
Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime, Borders, and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!
A big deal looking good with Mexico!
The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didnt want to say. Tiger wouldnt play the game - he is very smart. More importantly, he is playing great golf again!
Thank you to the great @JimBrownNFL32, perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York, African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it!
Over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Party and 52% overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please!
Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office, the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets, the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression. @WashTimes
Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!
...And it will get, as I have always said, much better from even here!
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!
Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!
Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government, and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!
The FBI looked at less than 1% of Crookeds Emails!
The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails. They purposely didnt look at the disasters. This news is just out. @FoxNews
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
.@LindseyGrahamSC  Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet, these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.
Jeff Sessions said he wouldnt allow politics to influence him only because he doesnt understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!
Michaels Cohens attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!
Happy birthday Vince, you are truly one of the greats!
Great #StateDinner2018 in Ohio tonight! Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!_BGIHWIaaGOdOkSufIos-Ka7xD_nYLlX?t=1s
Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices, something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirst
Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!
I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by #HurricaneLane. The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii.
Thank you. I love you Ohio!
...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future, most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!
...Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)...
I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea, at this time, because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula...

Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Cant do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN, whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real, and what is not, without censorship!
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over classified information. Gee, this is small potatoes compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.
....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele & his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers & documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!
Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations. Jeff, this is GREAT, what everyone wants, so look into all of the corruption on the other side including deleted Emails, Comey lies & leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr......
Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.
Target CEO raves about the Economy. This is the best consumer environment Ive seen in my career. A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this, & when our Trade Deals are made, & cost cutting done, you havent seen anything yet!  @DRUDGE_REPORT
...And according to Polls, would do even better today!
...Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!
.@cindyhydesmith has helped me put America First! Shes strong on the Wall, is helping me create Jobs, loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges...
I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts!
It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the @WhiteHouse!



NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT!
I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers. @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M.  Enjoy!


Longest bull run in the history of the stock market, congratulations America!
?t=2m20s

Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves, heed the advice of State and local officials, and follow @NWSHonolulu for updates. Be safe!
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.
Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!
A large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!
I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. Justice took a 12 year old tax case, among other things, applied tremendous pressure on him and, unlike Michael Cohen, he refused to break - make up stories in order to get a deal. Such respect for a brave man!
If anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you dont retain the services of Michael Cohen!
Thank you West Virginia. I love you!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!_Ce996nHDZxXuQw5K?t=1s
Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA
Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00pmE! Tickets: 
To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime, Borders & 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military & our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! Thats not at all nice. No imagination! @foxandfriends
Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia, against all odds, and having Patrick, a real fighter, by my side, would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!
I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences, our country would be overrun with people trying to get in, and our system could not handle it!
Fake News, of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!
Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesnt lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!
A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Partys California Gubernatorial Candidate, John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes & Crime. He will Make California Great Again &  make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!
Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign & do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person, A.G. Patrick Morrisey, who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy & Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!
Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennans Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity
.@DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment & potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime, loves our Military & Vets-has my total Endorsement!

It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can, and must, END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT  and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!
Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didnt happen. Darrell Issa, House Oversight. We can take out the word apparently.  @FoxNews
Will Bruce Ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, dirty and discredited Dossier, ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions  Justice Department? A total joke!
Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, its worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isnt because of the good job he did! He is a political hack.
I hope John Brennan, the worst CIA Director in our countrys history, brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records, texts, emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did, but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He wont sue!
Wheres the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion, and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt, they scream Obstruction!
....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining peoples lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies, the firings, the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Muellers Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!
Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone....
Study the late Joseph McCarthy, because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!
Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced, the Times has been Fake News, and with their disgusting new Board Member, it will only get worse!
The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President, when in fact it is just the opposite - & the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!
No Collusion and No Obstruction, except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption, yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok lies to Congress, or Crookeds Emails!
....and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller & his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!
The failing @nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel, he must be a John Dean type RAT. But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didnt have to. I have nothing to hide......
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S., our military and countries that help us!

The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!
Great Job  Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends.
Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history & since getting out, he has become nothing less than a loudmouth, partisan, political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!

All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, China. But in the end, if we are smart, tough and well prepared, we will get along with everyone!
....Too many voices are being destroyed, some good & some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices, because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate, good & bad, and we will all just have to figure it out!
.....Censorship is a very dangerous thing & absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, there is nothing so Fake as CNN & MSNBC, & yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt, or dont watch at all..
Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration, we wont let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT, while at the same time doing nothing to others.......
....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......  Gregg Jarrett.  So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! @FoxNews
Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, its astonishing that hes still employed. Bruce & Nelly Ohrs bank account is getting fatter & fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesnt disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.  Charles Payne  @FoxBusiness   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!

...I say Andrews was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress, but his political career is over!
Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement, WERE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT or Hillary Clintons DEPLORABLES statement...
When a politician admits that Were not going to make America great again, there doesnt seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo, with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about Americas lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew choked badly, mistake!
The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago.
Just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!  @foxandfriends
....attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date, & go to the Paris parade, celebrating the end of the War, on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!
The local politicians who run Washington, D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade, they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead...
How does a politician, Cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S., survive making the statement, WERE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?
In speaking with some of the worlds top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. Stop quarterly reporting & go to a six month system, said one. That would allow greater flexibility & save money. I have asked the SEC to study!
.....released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office, it constitutes an intelligence breach......  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intel Cmte Chair  @LouDobbs
Director Brennans recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennans statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA, why didnt he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment......
....An incredibly corrupt FBI & DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end, hes disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous. Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch.
How can Senator Richard Blumenthal, who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam (then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam), pass judgement on anyone? Loser!
.@TuckerCarlson speaking of John Brennan: How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place? Now that is a really good question! Then followed by Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero... So true, a total Fake!
Very concerned about Comeys firing, afraid they will be exposed, said Bruce Ohr. DOJs Emails & Notes show Bruce Ohrs connection to (phony & discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!
While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.  Catherine Herridge of @FoxNews @LouDobbs  In other words, they were colluding with Russia!
The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department & whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS). Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility.
Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor, who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man, but we are cutting back on Turkey!
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa!
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally. VIDEO: 
"@schoremis1:  @JebBush The Donald should've been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls, news, talk shows & social media. MAGA!"
"@qbeacademy: Well I'm at 42% and your at 3% .You know Jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage.  Classic"
.@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Why doesn't @JebBush, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will @JebBush, in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
.@JebBush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy @JebBush, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
"@_MSFL_: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpUSA16 A GREAT PATRIOT"
"@realNevaDie: This suggests that online polls are more reliable so Trump is crushing both parties. @realDonaldTrump
"@philmonaco67: @realDonaldTrump 100% Donald Trump Supporter Go Trump Make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"
"@daveandlouanns: THANK YOU SIR FOR CARING FOR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA. I WAS IN NEWMARKET NH. OFFICE. "
"@janienorris22: @realDonaldTrump Got my autographed book yesterday can't wait to read it. You got them scared to death! Love it.". Great!
"@TrumpUSA16: Trump is the only leader with plan expertise passion to bring back jobs/companies to USA #Trump2016 "
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras! ?v=10156444812435725
THANK YOU America!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you - Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you - New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness & secure our homeland! 
@HerschelWalker, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
"@DRUDGE_REPORT: UPDATE: ISIS jihadists stole 'tens of thousands' of blank passports... "  Here we go!
It's the Democrats' total weakness & incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America' 
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, "we are finally where we need to be." Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is "going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst." She made up story-want apology!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
"@msully65:  Tell this knitwit @SpeakerRyan, the ppl want @realDonaldTrump, not him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has 40%"
.@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"@Themyamccurry: Where's @realDonaldTrump when you need em? #MissUniverse2015"
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH.
My friend, @AriEmanuel of @IMG, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
We need a #POTUS with great strength & stamina. Hillary does not have that. #Trump2016 
"@blueeyd2020: @JebBush reminds me now of @BobbyJindal but no one cares Jeb! You lost your chance. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that "ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool." This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE
"@AniesiODaniels: #DemDebate Q: Who are you voting for in 2016. A: #Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!. #Trump2016 "
"@constant4change: Trump tops Dem candidates on Google before Dem debate "
"@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump @jonkarl Hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! #TrumpRocksAmerica"
"@DomineekSmith: @realDonaldTrump is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time."  Thank you.
"@Sharp_Trident:  @TheRealRyder Trump is looking like the next POTUS, especially after watching the #DemDebate that had no substance."
"@TheRealRyder: You are a blessing to America, Mr. Trump. Thank you for all you are doing! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
.@jonkarl was totally misled, and he fell for it, that Hillary wants to run against me. She knows that I am her worst nightmare-Jon doesn't!
"@bflannery83: LMAO @realDonaldTrump won the #DemDebate "
"@twister2445: @realDonaldTrump all I heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away. #tryme!!"
"@TomSkeet: @realDonaldTrump @GStephanopoulos haha she's not ready for the Donald"
"@ofccadjust: @kellyz713 @tedb75 @TeresaC85469500 @MichaelCohen212  Right,  same old political bullshit year after year, #WhyISupportTrump"
"@GStephanopoulos: As @realDonaldTrump dominates the latest polls, Ill talk to the GOP frontrunner, Sunday on @ThisWeekABC."
.@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you America! @FoxNews post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
"@WilliamESammon1: #HillaryForPrison2016 "
"@nepafortrump: We now LIVE in a #CrippledAmerica but @realDonaldTrump WILL make the USA STRONGER than EVER b4 "
"@thehill: NEW POLL: Trump's massive lead grows in post-debate poll  "
Another new post-debate poll.  THANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
.@JebBush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Weak & ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name & dont be ashamed of it!
.@MelindaDC  Dont misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as youll find out after I get elected.
.@CharlesHurt  Thanks for defending me so brilliantly against @MelindaDC --  Always tough when they falsify.
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: "ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized." 
New Reuters poll - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil! 
You do not want to miss @BarbaraJWalters 10 Most Fascinating People of 2015 @ABC  9:30pmE. 
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
I will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate & more.
Will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
"@EndlessMike03: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor OMG awesome! What time zone!?"
"@chained111: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor yes sir"
"@SteelerDan619: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the man!!"
"@2timeslucky: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor You were amazing !"
"@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor The only person in politics who shouldnt have term limits is President Trump!"  Cute!
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
"@insuradude: The fix is in Donald did his best performance and @MarkHalperin @Morning_Joe has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain"  Joke
Thank you, @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebate 
#GOPDebate #Trump2016 
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
"@ConradMBlack: Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C."
"@TINAHILLSTROM1: @GovernorPataki @GovernorPataki just called @realDonaldTrump THE PRESIDENT!"
"@DonaldTrumpFink: .@GovMikeHuckabee: If  Donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than Hillary will." #GOPDebate
"@SPerkins50: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Donald represents real Americans." Thank you!
"@golddstr1: @DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump They noticed alright,Graham and Patiki are just mad because they dont have a chance."
"@JaniBetancoirt: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Pataki needs a brain surgeon!"
"@RobertH25937464: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Lindsey still doesn't hear Americans! Still at Zero! It's like Monty Python.
"@twlhb: @realDonaldTrump @GovernorPataki just called you "this PRESIDENT" !!! "  But I don't want his endorsement!
"@MrDeuce25: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC DonaldTrump Good were glad he doesn't represent what you stand for Lindsey. You are weak and have no clue
"@BillDaley1: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Sour grapes graham. Dont blame Trump because you cant interest voters."
"@SurfPHX: Geez Mr. Trump, they are coming for you even before the REAL debate. @wolfblitzer asks all negative Trump questions! #Trump"
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! 
.@ConradMBlack, what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects & my friend, I won't forget!
#TheRemembranceProject 
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT, @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!
Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!
I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
.@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
Isn't it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
"@piersmorgan: Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history."
"@LadyKellLiberty:  @AnnCoulter I'm in PA near PBurgh. Dad will register to vote first time for Trump. Mom is changing from D to R!"
"@Carolin42539648:  @realDonaldTrump oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DonaldTrumpForPresident
"@dckolarik: @KatrinaPierson @EricTrump We here in Vegas Love & Need Trump to LEAD the USA!!!! He's America's only hope! #TRUMP2016"
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016 
@oreillyfactor, horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party & easily beat Hillary!
Why doesn't @CNN use the #CNN Iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014
Thank you @CarlHigbie. Great work on @CNN. #Trump2016
Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 _ESTATE/151219936
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
.@PatrickBuchanan was great on @TeamCavuto @FoxNews. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016
Thank you @WayneAllynRoot. Very nice! #Trump2016 
Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Record of Health:  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: The Country Is in Rebellion, Trump Can Kick Down the Doors  
Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
"@suzost: UFC President Dana White Endorses Donald Trump [VIDEO]  via @dailycaller"  Love this from a real winner!
"@Barbara_NC:  Trump did not need 2acquire wealth & power, owes nothing to anyone. Candidates owe their backers "
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
"@ajodom60: @FoxNews and as far as that low-info voter base goes, I have an IQ of 132. So much for that theory. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@LesgartCPA: @jaketapper @realDonaldTrump Problem is I never watched you until Trump started giving you interviews and ratings on CNN."
"@trumpisawinner: .You're the real deal. For my money, tedcruz just doesn't cut the mustard. Go Trump! #DonaldTrump #THEDonald"
"@JPMORGAN2016: TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL, IN EVERY STATE. THESE POLLS ARE SO RIDICULOUS.THE MEDIA WILL ONLY GET WORSE FROM HERE"
"@1rdgreenberg:  @FoxNews That's why, after your interview, I couldn't watch the panel discussion, which is usually my favorite segment."
"@energy43: @schnoepoe @FoxNews Not so much fairness as it is about ratings . Megan Kellys hate nightly of Trump is turn-off for FOX"
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
"@TheProdigy3D: Everyone vote for @realDonaldTrump and no he did not pay me for this endorsement."
"@schnoepoe: @foxnews I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding @realDonaldTrump" The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!
"@VYlvisaker: @AnnCoulter  TRUMP HAS STAMINA, HE IS WORKING HARDER THAN ANY OTHER CANDIDATE. He REALLY loves AMERICA . He deserves to win."
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
"@BernieSanders: ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign.  That's because @ABC is smart!
.@danawhite  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!
"@dragonian3333:  @DanScavino @seanhannity CRUZ doesn't do anything about ILLEGALS and "REFUGEES" invading Texas. "
"@Yoel_NY: @realDonaldTrump @Peggynoonannyc  As a democrat I have to say, since Hillary is the front-runner, I will choose Trump."
"@JPMORGAN2016: @realDonaldTrump @Peggynoonannyc TRUMP IS WINNING BY SO MUCH MORE, IT'S NEAR 60% NATIONALLY. THEY ARE ALL BIASED POLLS!!!!"
"@rosemarylowe105: @ShahKourosh @SpacemanChris @realDonaldTrump That is why we don't need a politician to be the next president."
"@StraightHand: @realDonaldTrump I'd pay to watch that - The Donald vs Hillary"  Get ready!
"@khoges34: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"
"@mikepetrella17:  @Peggynoonannyc I agree with Trump. Record turnouts . There's a lot of potential voters that Trump is tapping into.
Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M.
.@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
.@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
"@Michael2014abc: @Alwaleed_Talal @realDonaldTrump Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?"
Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser
"@LoriPatriot:   Son Don Jr. on Fox says Sr. more concerned about the 'safety of Americans' than 'offending people'"
"@EveWicked: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN love you Trump! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@Latinos4Trump16: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN I'll be watching "
"@ofccadjust: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN DVR SET!"
I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE. 
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
Thank you General. #Trump2016
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so.
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41!
Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
.@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
Thank you! #Trump2016 
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
"@JenniferJJacobs: Trump: "Protect the 2nd amendment...And by the way were going to be saying Merry Christmas again." Iowa crowd LOVES it."
"@JenniferJJacobs: Iowa's RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy.
"@JenniferJJacobs: Trump says he was establishment. "I backed McCain he lost. I backed Romney he lost. This time I'm doing it myself.
"@Keeblerqueen: @realDonaldTrump Good Lord ... Donald.. Your following went up so much lately ... Crazy love for you and what you stand for!
"@theblaze: Donald Trump unleashes verbal assault on "nice guy" Ted Cruz:  "
"@ComatoseJeb: I will follow @realDonaldTrump all the way to #victory #MakeAmericaGreatAgain "
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016 
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddys money. Cant do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
Thank you @SeanHannity & @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews&utm_source=twitter
I will not let you down!  #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ?v=10156402109300725
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' & PA Governor. Him & his friend @KarlRove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Great news in Georgia!  The just out  Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow. 
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. _Kfs_RmhcC/
.@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!  I fixed his rating problem.
.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory, great people! Thank you.
.@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
"@FoxNewsInsider: .@FrankLuntz Explains Why @realDonaldTrump Has Plenty of Staying Power @seanhannity #Hannity
"@FoxNews: @FrankLuntz: Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real
"@edwards_cristy: @realDonaldTrump I hope that you will be the next POTUS."
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.?utm_campaign=trueAnthem%3A+Trending+Content&utm_content=5667aeff04d3016bf289ee1e&utm_medium=trueAnthem&utm_source=twitter
Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you! 
"Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration"
Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!    
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily  on @FoxNews. Many people in the U.K. agree with me!
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily  for her  powerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems.
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
.@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!
"@jimparkey: @realDonaldTrump @donlemon @CNN great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick!" Thank you!
Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  @CNN
"@QuinnLisaq:  @CNN @donlemon . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way"
Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN
"@TheCarCzarsPage: @TeaPartyCat You're a funny guy! Vote: @realDonaldTrump "
"@MisterGoldiloxx:  @michaelUrso2 @FoxNews Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. #ItIsntAboutHer"
"@Ajdx4Sdesq: @CNN @donlemon @realDonaldTrump this is the best interview so far. Honest, well reasoned and without all the name calling.
"@michaelUrso2: Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Can't stand her now. Very little talent! @FoxNews
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas: 
Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
.@secupp, who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN
.@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M.
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016
I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
"Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis" #.VmhR32WQSsc.facebook
" Haim Saban: Hillary Clintons Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims"
The police in London say Im right. Major article in Daily Mail. We cant wear uniform in our own cars.
Thank you @JebBush- you finally get it! _FN2L3GhZi/
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into.
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!    
"Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense' "
I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
"@mysteriousLoser: @realDonaldTrump did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance" Yes, he is a crude dope!
"@ssheaver: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes @CNN " Wow!
"@ray_aub:  @nytimes @CNN People forget the policies of leaders like @JebBush allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate, drive, & pilot planes"
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
"@USAforDJTRUMP: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Mr. Trump, you need to get some rest. We need you to stay healthy so that you can be our President!"
"@YitzySchwartz:  @CNN anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us"
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for "Trump" according to @CNN!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016 
Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP & ran as an independent. 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!   
I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%,  but @WSJ reported "Cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"@XGNRaging: @realDonaldTrump I hope you become president!
"@CRinQC: RT @thehill: New Iowa poll finds .@realDonaldTrump in the lead by double digits. 
"@GeneMcGee6: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity is so great towards you. Just doesn't like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great ."
"@CharlesMarino8: @3DOT  DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election I've been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact"
"@ShellyPayne4328: @WayneRoot @realDonaldTrump Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. It's been too long! #voteTrump2016"
"@LexingtonBobby:  @CLewandowski_ Today, "New Iowa poll finds Trump in the lead by double digits"  #Trump16"
"@Truth_or_Rumor: @realArthurSpina @realDonaldTrump Hey Hillary, America will feel much safer once you've failed to get into office."
"@back2reason: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with,finally,brains
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016 ?v=10156387656245725
Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration: 
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred & danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesnt get that Im good at winning!
"@BornToBeGOP @DanScavino  Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!"
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them!  #RememberOurVets
Poor @JohnKasich doesn't have what it takes- _7ZJLGhdT/
"Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI"
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said "I'm a negotiator like you" Got standing O-rated best of day!
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS & W.R.
"@nepafortrump: ONLY @realDonaldTrump WILL Conquer ISIS & WILL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! = #PotusYoureFired!! VOTE #Trump2016"
"@WiggintonRandy: @realDonaldTrump He will never say it, therefore he will never have a solution!"
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
"@homefreeee: @realDonaldTrump He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!"
"@JFK4701: @realDonaldTrump he is reading off the TelePrompTer."  But that is O.K. in this case.
"@LivNow: THIS IS WHO WE R REGISTER AS REP ONLINE 2VOTE TRUMP IN PRIMARY :  #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN @Carolde"
"@10inchpolitics: @realDonaldTrump air strikes? Who's air strikes??"
"@dboiarsky: @realDonaldTrump MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, DT! "
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health & happiness! Happy Hanukkah!
I have been saying it for sometime now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks!
"@FieldRoamer: Americas most reliable bellwether county has fallen for @realDonaldTrump " Great story, thanks!
Thank you America! Together, we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
"@Trumpismyhero: @realDonaldTrump only President Donald J Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@mollymaguires61: @politichick_ @nytpolitics @FoxNews @rupertmurdoch @GOP in bed together & hate Trump.  Win it for the USA & the 21st Cent
"@revdojoe:  We will elect @realDonaldTrump for President! We must! "
"@ShellyLeigh123: Awesome interview. You are always honest with the American people Thank you Mr. Trump!! _1111/status/673549162282135553"
.@BrookslawBrooks  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
"@BrianBl43802294 @JohnKasich Trump is not controlled by donors,special interests,Lobbyists like U.Ur a total puppet.Trump is working 4 U.S.
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama & the e-mails!
"@CindyBlackwel12:  @dr_tweedy @CNN @JohnKasich AMERICA WANTS #TRUMP "  @jaketapper   Politicians are so dishonest!
"@JSears68: Poll numbers will go up even more for @realDonaldTrump after Obama's 'address'
"@dr_tweedy: @CNN @JohnKasich Kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. Lied about Trump crowd." Media-he LIED!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
.@KatyTurNBC & @DebSopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you @GatewayPundit for reporting the truth. #Trump2016
"@Pimpburgh2015: @KatyTurNBC @realDonaldTrump just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter." That's only because I'm being nice!
@Maddow, you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
.@KatyTurNBC, 3rd rate reporter & @SopanDeb @ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&signed autos for 20min. Dishonest!
A great day in both Spencer & Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA  -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP?v=SGbI-14neOs
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you." Two truly fantastic women!
"@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you."
"@jasthompcountry: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino Thanks for coming to Raleigh Mr. Trump. I enjoyed every minute of your epic speech!"  Thanks
"@PattyDs50:  @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!"
"@ben_techpro: Donald Trump opens up 'massive' lead in national poll  #makeamericagreatagain #wakeupamerica @GOP"
"@nepafortrump: @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP #TeamTrumpPA WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP
"@curtiscraven76: @CNN @realDonaldTrump keep up your good work Mr trump cause u have my vote"
"@CwiseCwise1: @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @realDonaldTrump @GOP we are with you Mr Trump. We back you 100 percent."
"@DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump #Raleigh, #NorthCarolina! #Trump2016 "
"@bjmgraphics:  @MarkHalperin Trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. He will fight for America!
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts.
Good news, disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas! 
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- #BeCool! #Trump2016 %E2%80%9Cmeet-press-chuck-todd%E2%80%9D-1-sunday-show-across-board?network=33130&show=151257
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing @NYTimes by the @WashingtonPost:
 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
.@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didnt they report?
.@marthamaccallum  Martha, great interview with my son @EricTrump -- smart, tough & professional. Thank you! @FoxNews
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts: 
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
.@CNN & @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
.@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
"@RussOnPolitics: The GOP establishment: Republican voters think Donald Trump would be most electable nominee. "
"@aews: Another clip that seems to vindicate The Donald... "
.@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said "not even close." Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
"@Hot_Steam_: As a professional handicapper @realDonaldTrump is a 3/5 favorite for presidency. #hotsteam #unload"
"@TomNocera: @realDonaldTrump Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine."  Great!
"@Jessi_Libertad: Show 'em how it's done in Raleigh tomorrow, President Trump! @realDonaldTrump" I will!
"@MarkStahlbaum: Great job on O'Reilly @realDonaldTrump Stay who you are, it's refreshing.  #StayStrong"
"@Kacee50: @realDonaldTrump We can't take 8 years of Hilary or 8 years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!"
"@GaryT212:  @realDonaldTrump America needs a real leader, America needs Donald Trump for President!"
Watch my live book signing now! 
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer!
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now & be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.
Thank you!! #Trump2016
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! _Release_NH_120315.pdf
Via @DrudgeReport:#poll/TR130/filters/PARTY_ID_:2/dates/20151126-20151201/type/day
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi.
Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! #Trump2016
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends & family. Order signed copy & join me at 7:30pm, live streaming! 
Why can't @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends & family. Order signed copy & join me tonite live streaming 7:30      
"@robstanley79: @realDonaldTrump Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration." Nice!
"@2timeslucky:  @DLake66675 @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 The more frightening the world is , the more safe we feel with  President Trump"
"@derektheeight: Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found..."
"@PatrickAnna: @realDonaldTrump You can definitely thank God for you health, stamina, strength, and all the good things in your life!" True!
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
"@politico: Trump: Mideast peace 'something I'd really like to do'  | AP Photo "
"@politico: The retired neurosurgeon plummets 7 points from last month, while Trump solidifies his dominating lead "
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
"@Kev2nz: @realDonaldTrump President Donald J. Trump sounds real nice. Looks and sounds and is a great leader ! Go #TeamTrump." Thanks!
"@TruthisAll1: @realDonaldTrump @DLake66675 @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 "He keeps rising and shining...Trump 2016!" Thank you!
"@Co: CBS reports "swarms" of celebrators were on roofs in Jersey on 9/11/2001 VIDEO: ?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social "
"@iliveamongyou: @chucktodd APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City 9/11 Celebration Report  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ?v=3auKMHkZJnQ "
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
"@DLake66675: @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 @realDonaldTrump his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur.
"@Mike05999224: @FoxNews @HowardKurtz @MediaBuzzFNC start backing @realDonaldTrump real change is coming !"
"@theratzpack: @PattonDivision if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans.
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
"@SaraGreenwell: @realDonaldTrump #VoteTrump2016 Chris Christie needs to #apologize 2 along with everyone else who doubted u. #TeamTrump"
"@Blacks4Trump16: Legal & illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this. @AnnCoulter #Trump2016 #TeamTrump"
"@BOSSYtxmar55: #Trump WILL WIN! He's counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then "WE" CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PARTIES! #TeamTrump
"@TRUMPHIANT2016: This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.  #TeamTrump"
"@DanScavino: Bruce LeVell, former GOP Chairman of Gwinnett County (GA) endorsed @realDonaldTrump today. #TeamTrump
"@DrRPSmall:  Amen, Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravo,sir! Your friend and supporter #DocinMich.
"@iceblink62: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency, and the American people!" True!
"@thumpmomma: I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures, right after 9/11! Not#here!"
"@MichaelCohen212:  @BreitbartNews @NewDay @CNN @ABC @NBCNews yet, ChrisChristie claims absolutely did not happen in #NewJersey. #wrong!"
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now & join my live streaming book signing on 12/3
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
Thank you CBS & Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses.  #Trump2016
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald _OxGGREZqTYO4AfIfR0
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook & Periscope!
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate?page=all
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA & submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.   
I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016
"@ReversingASD: @CNN @CNNOpinion @realDonaldTrump Stupid "opinion"! #Trump is Winning! why will he leave? dummy! "
"@fooschamp95: @business @nytimes    Any GOP candidate will lose except for @realDonaldTrump" I agree!
"@Christo20722105:  @TrussElise Conservatives, Dems, independents alike all want trump. There is no one else. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@TrussElise: #Trump I will NOT vote for Cruz or #GOP. My vote is pledged to @realDonaldTrump &my grandchildren. Pray for the USA.
"@Dollfinish: @AgsEliza @Citizens4Trump @realDonaldTrump ***Howard Stern Caller day after 9/11 _link?a=f1yVJj7Igbk&u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dw8KdmyCh7z8%26feature%3Dplayer_embedded  "
"@iluvbks1: @realDonaldTrump I live in NJ & you've got that right! NJ wants ChrisChristie OUT of NJ! #tellingitlikeitis"
"@HyperbolicX: @realDonaldTrump I just signed up in support of your campaign on your website ."
"@joyciej2: @realDonaldTrump Have a great rally !!!#Trump2016"
"@KathyPica1: @DanScavino @CarmineZozzora @realDonaldTrump YES HE IS & SHOULD APOLOGIZE All people trying 2 take Trump down, not a chance"
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA & submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm
What is Obama thinking? 
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to @realDonaldTrump.
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies?
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order & join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3   
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA & have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
We need a great leader- now! 
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.?v=W5BtQgTGOI4
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are DemsI beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
"@charlottepturn: @Morning_Joe THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb
"@wzpd8z: Mr. Trump, Chuck Todd is a moron, all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911. I would show it on your ads."
"@wompol: @realDonaldTrump @CNN we also saw numerous (since scrubbed) videos of celebrations on 9/11"
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
"@BeckyOmz: @JuvenIle @thehill We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!"
"@Barber2012Jeff: @realDonaldTrump John Kasich-it didn't work I'm still voting for #Trump" John has done so poorly in the debates he's done!
"@ThisWeekABC: Maria, why do you work with such dummies as Cokie Roberts, @BillKristol, @mattbai? You can do much better! @MariaTCardona.
"@lee_richter:  TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again! #Trump2016 USA"
"@Dmsrcmc12Bob: @realDonaldTrump They should all get on the Trump train!"  So true!
"@Born2RunJosh: @realDonaldTrump @Antonio92692 @CNNPolitics Trump for president! #TRUMP2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@Rketeltas:  Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions, why is that."
"@Antonio92692: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump TRUMP IS THE SMARTEST AND BEST MAN TO SAVE AMERICA. "  Thank you!
"@johnwilson12511:   @realDonaldTrump is Up! Up! Up! No other candidate is even close!! #Trump2016 #POTUS "
Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
"@boogiefinger: @realDonaldTrump @meetthepress @chucktodd Chuck doesn't know that 100,000 x 2 = 200,000 "
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
"@thatx209xguy: @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Trump is our last hope to make America great again. #Trump2016" So true!
"@Asmurfinmypants: I can't wait to vote for @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@DailyCaller: How High Corporate Taxes Lost America The Worlds Next Biggest Drug Company 
"@Allibiis: @realDonaldTrump @ArtPar17 @CNN story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voters/supporters in the GOP field."
.@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
"@Pablo44x: @CNN @realDonaldTrump Another hit piece by CNN. "What? We're not biased!""
I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
"@ArtPar17: @CNN   Your story is a total fraud"  I agree!
"@JacoH: @CNN @realDonaldTrump I can't believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans." @CNN only says negative-bad reporters
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
"@buckleybro40:  @RichLowry @maggieNYT @TheFix @pbump @realDonaldTrump so great in Sarasota, FL! #TurntTrump We're following T all the way!"
"@nobaddog: @RepBJNikkel @CindyBlackwel12 JohnKasich  All you career Politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear Trump gets elected"
"@Jameslauer6: @David360NC @azblonde2015 NOW'S THE TIME 4 CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE & 4 ALL. TRUMP"
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air!
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier & will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016
"@munciewolves: @realDonaldTrump America backs you. Your our next President!!!!" Thank you!
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@Trump2016online: Live Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Sarasota, FL Nov 28 - 12:00 PM (EST) _Q #Trump2016 #RobartsArena
"@tweetybird2009: @GulfWarVet123 That's why @realDonaldTrump's THE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY #Establishment #Media #PUNDITS. #TheyRMad
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Evansville, Indiana!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
"@AnnetteJeanne: I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much."
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
Thank you Laura!
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it! 
Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Agreed!
Thank you Newt!
Thanks Dave!_els/status/725377702207852550
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you!
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016   Trump Tower
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016   Trump Tower
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016   Trump Tower
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016   Trump Tower
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, Maryland! #VoteTrump
You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump, Delaware!
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! #VoteTrump
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut!
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump
How bad is the New York Timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates & otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr & @EricTrump. #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania! #PAPrimary #VoteTrump 
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island! #RIPrimary #VoteTrump 
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors & special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
"@DiamondandSilk: .@DonaldJTrumpJr awesome job on @CNNSotu. DonaldTrump has integrity & he refuses 2 play the game call "Delegate Bribery"
"@newtgingrich: #NYPrimary turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive #GOP nominee  "
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN @jaketapper  Thank you!
.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks!
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain 
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video: 
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS & ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016 
Thank you California! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you, @DonaldJTrumpJr! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016 
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific @GovPenceIN of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state!
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower-
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@bigop1: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @oreillyfactor "  Wow, really nice!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
Thank you New York! I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016   Trump Tower
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!
"@GreenSkyDeb: Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@keksec__org: @realDonaldTrump Your policies will make this state and country great again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain __org/status/722573037426581505/photo/1"
"@kdk144: @realDonaldTrump Everybody is "In A New York State of Mind" now!"
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Discussing #NewYorkValues in Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary. LETS GO NY! #VoteTrump
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS. #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay
Who did the House Task Force on Urgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take back our country, and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Watch video & go #VoteTrump!
#ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech in Buffalo, New York! #VoteTrumpNY
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: 
Thank you Eric!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary
Lyin Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York, we will make America great again! 
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him & K
"@DiamondandSilk: .@realDonaldTrump is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget & ahead of schedule.
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association!  #NewYorkValues 
Thank you, California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
See you tomorrow Dutchess County,  New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrain 
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016
"@Ollie_621: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump I think it's more like 64%. #VoteTrumpNY #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"@AshleyEdam: New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters & increased support for @realDonaldTrump ...Not surprising."
"@Trumptbird: Dear  I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN! #Trump2016 #presidenttrump #primary "
"@Trump_Supporter: "Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York  Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire...
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! #NYPrimary 
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary
#ICYMI: @foxandfriends this morning.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
"@dmharvey89: @realDonaldTrump @wdct8110 I just voted for @realDonaldTrump in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit!" Fantastic!
"@herb_stamper: @JackoffJosh711 @SenFrankNiceley @FoxNews @WSJ we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him" Great!
"@wdct8110: @realDonaldTrump We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! "
"@Bubble709_: @realDonaldTrump Praying for your family and your win in New York." Thank you!
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary 4/16: SYRACUSE - NOON  4/16: WATERTOWN - 3pm  #Trump2016
Thank you, @NYPost! #Trump2016?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=site%20buttons&utm_campaign=site%20buttons
Thank you America! #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016 
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain Tickets: 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues 
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016 #NewYorkValues 
Thank you Albany, New York! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow! #Trump2016 #NYPrimary Tickets available: 
Tune in & join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain 
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, @KirstenPowers of @USATODAY and @FoxNews.
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention
This is happening all over our countrygreat people being disenfranchised by politicians. Repub party is in trouble!?v=KrqLQK7ecNE
"@AnnesLimo: @realDonaldTrump @WVTTS1017 Thanks for Rochester rally."  Great people, thank you!
"@WVTTS1017: @realDonaldTrump just listened to you on fox. I love you so much."  Thank you!
"@autoprofessor17: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. #TrumpTrain"
"@TimeHasCome1: @WayneDupreeShow @ThePatriot143 Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k & own the news cycle"
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
"@agentvf: New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart  @Q102Philly"
"@getreal1234: @realDonaldTrump @Kids123Nicholas @gqforbes @RepTomMarino let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump"
"@jlopez05391: @realDonaldTrump Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain" A big crowd!
"@becker_berta: @vivhall3 @Reince Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people."
"@metalmom888:  @Theresa_Cali If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard"
"@AnnCoulter: GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).
"@governor_savage: @realDonaldTrump is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@Mutual408Grace: @realDonaldTrump @gene70 California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out & vote."
"@Kids123Nicholas: @gqforbes @RepTomMarino @realDonaldTrump.Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
"@PennyHicks13: @Carolde @kisster1 @FoxNews   Your tax and economic plans are second to none!  Media shld report.
"@Theresa_Cali: Poll shows @realDonaldTrump leads among registered Republican women with 44%.  " Thank you!
"@vivhall3: @realDonaldTrump here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. " Very sad!
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife, @MELANIATRUMP, today. #NewYorkValues
"@gene70: @realDonaldTrump The Real Person Of The Year! "  Wow!
"@gene70: @realDonaldTrump Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!! "
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
"@DnGLax:  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump2016 "
"@AlexNightrasor: @realDonaldTrump @lilrachiepoo Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
"@lilrachiepoo: @realDonaldTrump Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN"
"@RepaloneLori: @realDonaldTrump @kirstiealley we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! " Thank you.
"@redneckgp: All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate @realDonaldTrump that will put ALL OF YOU & AMERICA FIRST  #trump"
"@RepMartinDaniel: We support you #HaileyPuckett. You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
"@kirstiealley: HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of @realDonaldTrump & I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!
"@Cam: Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on ## I'll post @AnnCoulter _Trump/status/718572490981646336/photo/1"
Donald TrumpThe Disrupter will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox
Nobody beats me on National Security.
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt.
Jennifer is a terrific person.
"@R_U_OK_UK: @realDonaldTrump @glozee1 @PaulManafort @CNN @DanScavino Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - #WakeUpAmerica
"@glozee1: Great interview with @PaulManafort on @CNN regarding @realDonaldTrump path to victory #NewDay #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @DanScavino"
"@WPayton344: @PaulManafort Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!"
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
"@iamDaveK: @realDonaldTrump first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?"
"@DiCristo13: @realDonaldTrump let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy,  foreign policy, and NATO! "
"@Keeblerqueen: @RealRudyGiulian @realDonaldTrump Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!"
"@Genie115: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain we can only do that with @realDonaldTrump RT "
"@gracefulme3: @seanhannity @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony"
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Still time to get out and VOTE! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 #MAGA
Wow, @Politico is in total disarray  with almost everybody quitting. Good news -- bad, dishonest journalists!_story.html
"@roadsho: Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote @realDonaldTrump.The only candidate that will protect your rights!
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today & we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@FoxNews: @ScottBaio: "#DonaldTrump is the only guy, I think, that has the will & the nerve to attack & to fight."
"@vikkideiter: Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love @realDonaldTrump's  VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
I will be on @SeanHannity @FoxNews- tonight at 10pmE w/ @MELANIATRUMP, from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary 
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you!
Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you @TrumpGolf!
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary 
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary 
I am on @FoxNews with @greta doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster & all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with @MELANIATRUMP. Join us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"@GOPjenna: "I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE." And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! #Trump2016"
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
"@007cigarjoe: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump IS THE ONLY DEAL !!! "
"@Margee11: #WISCONSIN VOTE SMART @tedcruz RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/ @realDonaldTrump "
"@Wheels155:@CNN is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about @realDonaldTrump cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
"@FaceTheNation: Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner @realDonaldTrump! "
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin.  #VoteTrump on Tuesday, April 5th! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN! Thank you #Racine & #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary #TrumpTrain
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 Tickets: 
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!
Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States!
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? _GhZJ/
For the 1st time in American history, Americas 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical & economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #Trump2016
THANK YOU, AMERICA! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump  next Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimary 
Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party  together --- and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016 
"@susanbirchfiel1: Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for @realDonaldTrump "
"@Gearssuxs: @loudobbsnews @realDonaldTrump I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary."  Great!
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 
Congratulations to @CNN for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Please keep your thoughts & prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005.?sr=twCNN033016trump-miss-wisconsin-emotional-moment0214PMStoryLink&linkId=22869280
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Thank you! #Trump2016
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand??
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.
Victory press conference was over.  Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges?
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the @TODAYshow & @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN & MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs & illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak & losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
"@PaulaDuvall2:  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!"
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
"@wolfblitzer:  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: @realDonaldTrump 7,546,980; @tedcruz 5,481,737; @JohnKasich 2,724,749" A BIG DIFFERENCE
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
"Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story"  via the Gateway Pundit:
"@nellalda: @realDonaldTrump We stand by Trump 100%"  Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
"@VictorConkle: #WIPrimary @realDonaldTrump will defeat ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain "
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
See Lyin' Ted, even the @DailyBeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women & children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
"@pattiandsammi: @gullakhta99 @realDonaldTrump @Tytan01 @CNN WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. #WOMEN4TRUMP"
"@Tytan01: Dear @CNN, after doing a quick Google & Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying."
"@SpartanMaker:  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S&P: 1314.5% #Derp"
"@stanColtrane: Turns out @glennbeck was wrong. @realDonaldTrump had nothing to do with it "
"@theAgeofLeo: Your instincts on foreign policy & terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined."
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
"@11phenomenon: #LyingTed blames @realDonaldTrump for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis."
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- 
"@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump Cruz & Rubio are scared! WATCH -> ?v=Xt4oRhINk2E _/status/713029877234950144/photo/1"
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
"@Doctor_S_Freud:  @TheView They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all" A dead show
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time
.@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO"
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
"@TimVincent56:  @LindseyGrahamSC Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it" #VoteTrump2016 "
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
"@missi51: .@realDonaldTrump thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people."
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
"@Don_Vito_08: "A picture is worth a thousand words" @realDonaldTrump #LyingTed #NeverCruz @MELANIATRUMP "
"@Kj11100Me: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity.
"@tcsorr: @jphilman0206 @realDonaldTrump self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like @tedcruz. Who owns Ted?"
"@DebraRakestraw:  You have over 2M followers more than than @HillaryClinton. This says something about how America feels. #Trump2016 "
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. Im the only one that was right from the beginning, & now Lyin Ted & others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. Shes been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin Ted Cruz. Honestly, I cant blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas just another dishonest politician.
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain 
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016 #WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately & get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
#UtahCaucus message from @IvankaTrump! #UTCaucus #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#ArizonaPrimary message from @IvankaTrump! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#VoteTrump video:  #AZPrimary #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa
My heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time & time again I have been right about terrorism. Its time to get tough! 
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and its not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
"@MyPresidentme: Here's Trump #AIPAC2016 in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. ?v=f3d0LOIMmQQ"
"@BarronG510: @realDonaldTrump The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you."
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
"@gamzorz:  @megynkelly Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop"
So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!
"@GStephanopoulos: Whats @realDonaldTrump's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? Ill talk to the Republican front-runner. @ThisWeekABC."
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
"@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US & KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow, @CNN ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump, all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to be back in Arizona! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
"@saneplanet: after tonight it is clear! Utah is #TrumpCountry #Utah #Mormon #UtahPrimary #Utah4Trump "
"@TeamTrumpAZ: Check out "HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ" ?utm-medium=discovery&utm-campaign=social&utm-content=attendeeshare&aff=estw&utm-source=tw&utm-term=listing @Eventbrite"
"@DonaldJTrumpJr: Honored to be in #Utah with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
"@Ma1973sk: Actually, no @FoxNews, @megynkelly has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate.
"@AshleyEdam: It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months #voteTrump
"@grammy620: 1st time I heard #Trump I said "wow". I liked him! I then became a closet #Trump fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
"@Veteran4Trump: Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; "We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him" #Trump2016
"@WesleyRickard: Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States #AZ #UT "
"@cmichaeld2004: Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling
"@ileanabarkus:  @nytdavidbrooks I totally agree! @nytdavidbrooks is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!"
Thank you- New York! I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions.  Love Utah- will be back!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling"  - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you!
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, & the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona- I love you!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich & Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who "choked" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO!
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedState and now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz  and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. 
Highly overrated & crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday.
Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
.@WSJ Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor
Thank you, Missouri! #Trump2016
Wow, just won Missouri!
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida & I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing5 victories.  Lyin Ted Cruz had zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President? 
.@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
"@FoxBusiness: .@RepTomMarino: I think @realDonaldTrump can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
"@lucyric13835428: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her"
"@MaryEH428: @RealBenCarson I thank God you are on board with @realDonaldTrump to help him and us #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty!!"
Thank you Marco, I agree!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at  Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!   The Mar-a-lago Club
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big & over!
"@DumpFoxNews: @FoxNews @megynkelly  If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates.
"@SCNAK45: @megynkelly is trying so hard to bash @realDonaldTrump it's ridiculous" Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
"@J_Styborski: @realDonaldTrump @gregens21 @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly Hayes is looking depressed as well. "
"@jsconlon11:  @BertShad @Foxnews @megynkelly I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team."
"@gregens21:  @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says."
"@BertShad: Was going to watch @Foxnews for the primary results but saw @megynkelly - looks like #CNN tonight"
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday Florida Illinois Missouri North Carolina Ohio  #TrumpTrain 
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
"@mazzei48: @realDonaldTrump @BrazielCarol @FoxNews Listening to interview on replay of @A Savage Nation #GO DONALD TRUMP !!!!!" Thanks.
"@wh:  WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close
"@realwwshelton: @loudobbsnews I believe that @realDonaldTrump will be the big winner tomorrow."  Thank you!
"@BrazielCarol: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse."
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out & #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump  Video: 
Just received from @PeteRose_14.  Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on  Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LYIN' TED
The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- & should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive!
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannel
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
"@alextrent4: It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!"
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! ?ssr=true
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016 Video: 
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton & 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio!
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio.  No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, & their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#DrainTheSwamp! 
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign All Tactics, No Vision:
Must Act Immediately: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews.
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life! #MAGA #VoteTrumpPence16!
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI- watch here: 
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm:   NEW- Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday @ 5:30pm: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out & VOTE on November 8th & we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley #ICYMI, watch here: 
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm! Tickets: 
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  LIVE: 
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US. #VoteTrumpPence16
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch: 
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio! 
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS & DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE' 
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&save American lives! Watch 
Clinton Aides: Definitely Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:#ixzz4P3fHzuxE
"The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice" #DrainTheSwamp
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm:   Tomorrow- Tampa, Florida at 10am: 
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina! #ICYMI, watch here: 
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets: 
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve.
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going to #DrainTheSwamp!
Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud. 
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs & fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  #ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days
Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this country!
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp!
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:
"It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do."  #DrainTheSwamp!_inside_player_at_justice
Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White House! #VOTE!
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
"@PYNance: Evangelical women live at #trumptower @pdpryor1 @CissieGLynch @SaysGabrielle "
"@Ravenrantz: #Billygraham's grand daughter #SupportsTrump "  So nice, thank you Cissy Graham Lynch!!!!
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Florida tomorrow!  MIAMI12pm   ORLANDO4pm   PENSACOLA7pm 
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA! 
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails.  Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged'
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea Theres Something There' 
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats:#ixzz4OnJE8InA
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare:?custom_click=rss
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman:
.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
#ICYMI: Governor @mike_pence and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here: 
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!  MIAMI12pm   ORLANDO4pm   PENSACOLA7pm 
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP! Watch:
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch: 
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute >
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing me in Michigan shortly.
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwamp
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!  Grand Rapids at 12pm:   Warren at 3pm: 
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out & VOTE! #DrainTheSwamp Watch rally: 
"@slh: I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on . He is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hope
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch: 
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out & VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here:    Sands Convention Center
See you tomorrow Michigan!  Grand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon:   Warren, MI tomorrow at 3pm: 
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
Great day in Colorado & Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me! Tickets: 
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100 days! #DrainTheSwamp
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you!
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here:  Overflow:
#ObamacareFail
Tomorrow!  Las Vegas, NV- 11a:  Greeley, CO- 4p:  Albuquerque, NM- 7p: 
"@DeplorableCBTP: "In my mind, #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess." - #PhilRobertson of TV's #DuckDynasty"   Thank you Phil!
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!  TICKETS: Golden:  Phoenix: 
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA! #ImWithYou
"@piersmorgan: BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, Israel is depressing. I think Israel is inspiring!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta & Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts"
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm:   Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm: 
"@Jmoschetti1363: @Johnatsrs1949 FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or (Dallas)police"
Thank you Geneva, Ohio.  If I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our country! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Join @TeamTrump on Facebook & watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp 
"@KeithRowland: People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. @realDonaldTrump" Repeal and replace!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback & support. Lets #MAGA! 
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA! 
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGA 
#ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans, I see you & I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8.  
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI - watch here:  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain   Springfield, Ohio
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio! 
Inside Bill Clinton Inc.: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!_story.html   Manhattan, NY
JOIN ME! #MAGA TODAY: Springfield, OH  Toledo, OH  Geneva, OH  FRIDAY: Manchester, NH  Lisbon, ME  Cedar Rapids, IA 
I agree, @MMFlint- To all Americans, I see you & I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8.?v=pADHLsECWxY   Manhattan, NY
"Clinton Foundations Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President"
Ron Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment?feature=youtu.be&v=droqK2or8Bs
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals' 
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL & REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out & VOTE #TrumpPence16 & lets #MAGA!
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here: 
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech: 
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to lead our country.
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW! Springfield-1pm:   Toledo-4pm:   Geneva-7pm:    Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA)
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out & VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here: 
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out & VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here: 
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!!  #ObamaCareInThreeWords
I have met & spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday! #ImWithYou 
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamp 
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't! #ObamacareFailed
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA #ImWithYou
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal & replace!  #ObamacareFail
#ObamacareFail
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal & replace! #ObamacareFail#.WA9nDF3Y4rU.twitter
#ObamacareFail
#ObamacareFail
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again!
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:#ixzz4O6kO7znL
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal & replace!
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done!
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability & CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp?platform=hootsuite
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!  Sanford at 3pm:   Tallahassee at 6pm: 
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now! #AmericaFirst   Northeast Florida Regional Airport / St. Augustine Airport (SGJ)
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp & MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!    St. Augustine Amphitheatre
Honored to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! #LESM #MAGA
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience'   Palm Beach International Airport (PBI)
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:    Palm Beach International Airport (PBI)
'The Clinton Foundations Most Questionable Foreign Donations' #PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp#ixzz4O1FJvi7f
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out & VOTE- lets #MAGA!  EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY: 
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp! RASMUSSEN NATIONAL  Trump 43% Clinton 41%
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Officials Wife'
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' #CrookedHillary#ixzz4NxMX6wTv
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.  Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  Full Naples rally: 
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets: 
Remember - get out on November 8th & VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance!
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything They Touch Turns To Molten Lead#ixzz4NvVWFrs
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal!  EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president'  via @reviewjournal
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out & VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Watch rally here: 
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor @Mike_Pence and I now, LIVE via:    Cleveland I-X Exhibition and Convention Center
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure' #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary#.WAvTt0wbzRA.twitter
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio. #DrainTheSwamp 
In order to #DrainTheSwamp & create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, & for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to - LET'S #MAGA!
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG & our people will be SAFE.  
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forums Islamist Money List'
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  TRUMP 42% CLINTON 40%
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us:   Naples, Florida-tomorrow @ 6pm: 
"@AZTRUMPTRAIN: I #Voted for DonaldTrump! #Arizona  #Economy #Immigration #Jobs #Veterans #BorderControl #Trade "
"@jensen4law: Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to @BernieSanders #DNCleak is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE "
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGA Tickets: 
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out & VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch: 
#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podestas hacked email is unquestionably an OPSEC violation
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camps work with VERY friendly and malleable reporters  #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are'
"{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it."  #DrainTheSwamp 
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog' Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
VERY IRONIC: "In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding sensitive information"
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out & VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon:    Cambria County War Memorial
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name 500 different examples of conflicts of interest.
#CrookedHillary was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco to Clinton Fdn.
Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th and #VoteTrumpPence16!
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
Huma calls it a "MESS," the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again. #DrainTheSwamp
Hillary & Obama's Broken Promises.  #RepealObamacare
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCREASES. Repeal & replace!
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER!_story.html
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slogan -- "TAKE THE MONEY!"
'Trump won the third debate'?utm_term=.db187b0862de
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!  TOMORROW Fletcher, NC @ 12pm.    SATURDAY Cleveland, OH @ 7pm.  
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY! Watch here:    Delaware County Fairgrounds
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you! #DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country! #DrainTheSwamp #TrumpPence16   Delaware County Fairgrounds
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to #DrainTheSwamp!
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Thank you America! #MAGA  Rasmussen National Poll Donald Trump 43% Hillary Clinton 40%
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA!
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal!  Watch: 
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll: TRUMP 77% (18,290) CLINTON 17% (4,100) #DrainTheSwamp #Debate
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA! 
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA#Debate
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debates 
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First, we need to #DrainTheSwamp! #Debates   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and thats what youll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. Thats what Im going to do. #MAGA #debate
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES #DrainTheSwamp #Debate   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
We have to repeal & replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and @HillaryClinton will allow it to happen here, too! #BigLeagueTruth
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing? #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
After Crooked @HillaryClinton allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: 
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported, it was a DISASTER. 
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth LIBYA SYRIA IRAN IRAQ ASIA PIVOT RUSSIAN RESET BENGHAZI #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Hillary says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
You should give the money back @HillaryClinton! #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Crookeds top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp  #Debate
Crooked @HillaryClinton's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!   #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Moderator: Respectfully, you wont answer the pay-to-play question. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates
She'll say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in Benghazi!
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Brought to you by @HillaryClinton & her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois.  #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Our country is stagnant. Weve lost jobs and business. We dont make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillarys husband signed and she blessed
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a chance. #BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
#CrookedHillary gives Obama an A for an economic recovery thats the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR! #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I cant make a great deal, were going to tear it up. Were going to get this economy running again. #Debate
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
#BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton's tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE. 
.@HillaryClinton talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth #Debates   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
.@HillaryClinton has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton- you have failed, failed, and failed. #BigLeagueTruth Time to #DrainTheSwamp!   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but wont even mention radical Islamic terrorists. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hey @POTUS - WE AGREE! #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for open borders. Thats a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
TRUMP & CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #Debate
Plain & Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people.
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put #AmericaFirst! #BigLeagueTruth
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. Thats why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
#SecondAmendment #2A #Debates   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates#BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate   University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Tune in at  and get the word out #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Help us spread the TRUTH, stop the LIES!
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
UNBELIEVABLE! Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times:
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE! 
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT! #DrainTheSwamp
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced! #DrainTheSwamp
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp  Tickets: 
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp#ixzz4NYWeNY7o
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State' #DrainTheSwamp
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: 
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!
Food Groups  Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender:#ixzz4NURlQGZ7
#DrainTheSwamp
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'
Thank you Colorado Springs. If Im elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR & WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at  so we can #MAGA!
Hillarys Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks: ?utm_content=buffer5d6bb&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp.
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. 
"@THEREALMOGUL: 41% of American voters believe the  election could be "stolen" from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico"
Great night in WI. Im going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors!
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C. 
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey Stood In The Way Of Clinton Email Investigation:#ixzz4NOfCXizH
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide:
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election:
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: 
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA  Tickets: 
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country deserves better!
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
"Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash" 
"State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal"
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Unbelievable._winter/status/788032222636965889
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED!
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
"@RosieGray: Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump ?partner=rss&emc=rss&smid=tw-nytimes&smtyp=cur"
"@PrisonPlanet: Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax. " Terrible
"@MarkSimoneNY: Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing: #ixzz4NJ5E8GFG"
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - & Paul Ryan does zilch!
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday! Green Bay- 6pm  Colorado Springs- 1pm 
The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty.
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? 
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT!
They let Crooked & the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable!
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
"@davidshiloach: @realDonaldTrump Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!"
Thank you for sharing Amy. 
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out & #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
The failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime- get out & VOTE on 11/8!
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
The truth is a beautiful weapon.
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGA Tickets: 
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Thank you @TrumpWomensTour! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all about the people! #MAGA
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info: 
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA 
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGNS ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY:  
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace & war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio! #TrumpRally #MAGA 
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRally 
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you! OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL Trump 42%  Clinton 41%
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Join me in Ohio & Maine! Cincinnati, Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm:  Bangor, Maine - Saturday @ 3pm: 
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16  Tickets: 
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @  & get out to VOTE on 11/8!
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS.  #CrookedHillary
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out & #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8! #MAGA
Join me Thursday in Florida & Ohio! West Palm Beach, FL at noon:  Cincinnati, OH this 7:30pm: #
Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary & CNN FRAUD!
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to:  & get out on 11/8/16 to #MAGA!
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at:  and get out to #VoteTrumpPence2016! #MAGA
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN.
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable!
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Wow. Unbelievable._winter/status/785845815373856768
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They dont know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together, we will #MAGA!
Is this really America? Terrible!
Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Debate polls look great - thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased.
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan: Eliminate excessive regulations!  Lean government! Lower taxes! #Debates #BigLeagueTruth
Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
@AC360: How can you unite a country if youve written off tens of millions of Americans? #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
We agree @POTUS-  "SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING & CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
If @HillaryClinton is president, shell be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
FACT  on red line in Syria: HRC "I wasnt there." Fact: line drawn in Aug 12. HRC Secy of State til Feb 13.
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016
This is the definition of ransom 
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest.
Here are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department. #Debates2016 #RattledHillary
History lesson: Theres a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Honest Abe. #RattledHillary
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes! 
"YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION" @HillaryClinton #Debates2016
Hypocrite! @HillaryClinton claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate
I hope when the MSM runs its interruption counters they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me compared to Hillary. #Debate
.@HillaryClinton - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton #ICYMI- "WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT." @Mike_Pence #MAGA
#CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world!   #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law! #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton : Bill clarified what he meant when calling Obamacare a disaster. Actually disaster is pretty clear. #Debate
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016
ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Hillarys 33,000 deleted emails about her daughters wedding. Thats a lot of wedding emails. #debate
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth 
Theres never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons actions were far worse
Im not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
Its this simple. Make America Great Again. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations. 
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued: 
Exclusive VideoBroaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bill's Defenders: These Are Crimes, Terrified of Enabler Hillary
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
"@HenryLeledog: @realDonaldTrump This Black Democrat is on the "TRUMP TRAIN"!!"
"@maidaa17: @realDonaldTrump GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America.
"@CharleneOsbor17: @realDonaldTrump politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House."
"@eericmyers: @realDonaldTrump  "Republican leadership" should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump."
"@Jodygirl1010: @realDonaldTrump I am a woman who continues to support & stand with #Trump! #dtmag " Thank you.
EXCLUSIVE  Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you.
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
Here is my statement.
Thoughts & prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen to your local officials.
"@kevcirilli: Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee"
New National Rasmussen Poll:
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16!
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans'
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back  BIGGER, and BETTER, and STRONGER than ever before!
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me! Ambridge:  Wilkes-Barre: 
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement: 
Such a great honor!
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 & VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will put #AmericaFirst & #MAGA!
Reuters polling just out- thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
EARLY VOTING: MN & IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN  check w/local officials for details & VOTE!
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page: 
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:    Henderson Pavilion
Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV!
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
"@AnyoneTennis: @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy...so obvious @FoxNews"  So true!
"@Gsimmons03Ginny: @realDonaldTrump ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!
Clintons Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department:  #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
"@FLifeforce: @_CFJ_ @vine That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for @realDonaldTrump"
.@HillaryClintons Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk:  #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:  #VPDebate
CLINTONS CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:  #VPDebate
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:  #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
.@timkaine is wrong for defense:   #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. 
.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
CLINTONS FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:  #VPDebate
.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS.  #VPDebate
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE DOMINATING THE DEBATE:  #VPDebate
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate   "Police officers are the best of us..." @Mike_Pence
.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.  #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
"@GeeVeeM: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine."
.@timkaine oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while @mike_pence DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826.  #BigLeagueTruth
"@aldonturnaolco1: @FrankLuntz @marthamaccallum @realDonaldTrump good!!"
"@bcuzimdamomma: @FreeDavidKing No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi - we need @realDonaldTrump #MAGA"
"@ifdanyt: @realDonaldTrump Loving @mike_pence he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!
"@carol_lcnixon67: @realDonaldTrump Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks."
"@ARSenMissyIrvin: I want a "you're fired" president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $'s. @realDonaldTrump"
.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
"@TeamTrump: .@mike_pence & @realDonaldTrump are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
"@Jnelson52722: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies"
"@elisac006: @nycmia @realDonaldTrump I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!"
"@bigdog_joey: @realDonaldTrump @timkaine is so angry. Our @mike_pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain
"@Susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews @realDonaldTrump"
"@lainey34210: @realDonaldTrump Great opening Pence"
"@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi"
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Join the MOVEMENT! 
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #AmericaFirst means #FamilyFirst!
I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGA Tickets: 
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGA Tickets: 
Thank you Colorado! #MAGA  
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth 
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado!  #TrumpRally #AmericaFirst 
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA  Tickets: 
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
"@trumplican2016: .@realDonaldTrump  There will be MASSIVE turnout for you,  Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes
